G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/ G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The G6050W, G6150, G6450WU, G6550WU, G6750WU, G6800, and G6900WU include these features: Bright, high-resolution G6050W: to of (white light and light G6150: to of brightness (white light and light G6450WU: to of brightness (white light and light G6550WU: to of (white light and light G6750WU/G6900WU: to of (white light and light G6800: to of brightness (white light and light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO G6050W: Native of (WXGA) G6150/G6800: Native of (XGA) G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU: Native of (WUXGA) Wired and wireless and G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU)
Additional Optional and included with the G6800/G6900WU topic: to the to the following To through its VGA to the BNC VGA-to-5-BNC or You purchase from or authorized To or A/V or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To or or You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized and through the HDMI To DisplayPort DisplayPort To HDBaseT G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU), 100Base-TX LAN To SDI G6900WU), BNC To with from with or purchase information. To that includes only DisplayPort, or to Apple topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and
Option or (ELPLP76) V13H010L76 (ELPAF43) V13H134A43 Wireless USB (ELPAP09; V12H005M09 G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) Wireless LAN (ELPAP07; V12H418P12 G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) HDBaseT (ELPHD01; V12H547020 G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU) Remote (ELPKC28) V12H005C28 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 Wireless IR (ELPST16) V12H007T16 3D ELPPL01 3D ELPGS02A 3D ELPGS02B Advanced mount with ELPMBPRG ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 round ELPMBP03 to to ELPMBC01 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA F3H982-06 VGA F3H982-10 VGA F3H982-25 HDMI AV22300-03 HDMI AV22300-06
Warranty and Information Option or HDMI AV22300-12 Short throw (ELPLU01) V12H004U01 Rear (ELPLR03) V12H004R03 (ELPLS06) V12H004S06 throw (ELPLM04) V12H004M04 throw (ELPLM05) V12H004M05 throw (ELPLL06) V12H004L06 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 ELPSP10 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Service EPPFTPB1 1-Year Service EPPEXPB1 Service EPPFTPB2 Service EPPEXPB2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this epson.com/webreg
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions using G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU), the Network Projection If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear
Interface Remote topic: Introduction to release Remote receivers lights
Rear LAN light G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) cover cover cover topic: Locations Interface security AC input HDMI G6800/G6900WU)
Interface topic: Locations BNC RS-232C Remote L-R DisplayPort HDMI HDBaseT G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU)
Network LAN SDI G6900WU) Service topic: Locations foot Rear Screw cover
Security Mounting Screw release topic: Locations Source Search (searches connected arrow and displays the (selects options and when RGB from the or BNC arrow and displays Right arrow and displays the Info A/V the and or off) arrow and displays options
topic: Locations Related Light
Remote
On off) Source input buttons function the and when RGB from the or BNC Aspect (selects the aspect (displays action) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless (splits the buttons through when from or and buttons numbers) ID to to ID switch or ID Remote to information) (when switches buttons to function) buttons and of the to their the functions and wireless A/V off and sound) (selects Search (searches connected
Light (lights the buttons temporarily) light (lights when the topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to and Removing the Unit and the Cover Attaching and the the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to anything that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear
Rear to least inches of front of the and and, when inches of the If mount the to the the following Vertically
Projection Within the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection and necessary, the Inv Direction If the to the Direction incorrect Direction shorten the life. topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or
G6150/G6800 Aspect Ratio or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to G6050W/6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU Aspect Ratio Screen or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to
Connecting to Sources topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that DisplayPort, or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDBaseT Connecting to Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to DisplayPort and Connecting to BNC Connecting to Sound topic:
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and earlier) through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to DisplayPort and the other to the HDMI If hearing through the HDMI the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the HDMI the topic: Connecting to Sources Related and Removing the If DisplayPort or DisplayPort to the using optional DisplayPort the DisplayPort to DisplayPort or DisplayPort the other to the DisplayPort If hearing through the DisplayPort the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the DisplayPort the
Connecting to BNC Connecting to Sound topic: Connecting to Sources You the to using optional VGA-to-5-BNC the VGA to the BNC to the BNC topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If includes sound and to the DisplayPort or HDMI sound through the G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). optional as If internal G6800/G6900WU), sound connecting to the the to headphone or or or
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source the other to the that to the or BNC topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to SDI Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to Component-to-BNC Source the other to the HDMI If hearing through the HDMI the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the HDMI the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Attaching and the If to the using optional to with the to usually or If these to the BNC to the R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional to with the to or If these to the VGA to the Tighten the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional the to
Connecting to Source Connecting to SDI Source the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional or A/V the with the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If SDI to the using optional BNC G6900WU). the BNC to SDI
Connecting to Source Sound the other to the SDI topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). If internal G6800/G6900WU), sound to the If using the or BNC the to the using optional If the or the to the using RCA If connected to the HDMI the with the sound. If connected to the SDI G6900WU), output supported. the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the or BNC using
Connecting to HDBaseT the and white the other of the to the L-R topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to To HDMI or RS-232C the to optional HDBaseT 100Base-TX G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU). This when to to or the from location, such as or network to length. To STP or Turn off the and HDBaseT the and HDBaseT turned off when or network the of the to the HDBaseT the the other to the HDBaseT
Connecting to the that with the HDBaseT instructions to or To from the Ethernet and the On the the Turning this the LAN RS-232C and topic: Related If the to or BNC to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the or BNC If there the Computer1 the to If the to the the topic:
Connecting to Related To the sound from the to self-powered You the using the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to On the and On the A/V the The built-in G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Related
and the Unit Attaching the Unit Follow the instructions these sections to or the the Unit Removing the Unit topic: the You to the the front of the facing while the to or from the to only. touching the with to or to the Turn the as shown If the of to the too tightly. the to function properly.
Tighten the with the white facing the straight the and turn clockwise hear
the Unit the screw that with the or the and This the and from topic: Attaching and the Unit You the to with the only when necessary to or from the and lowering the quality. touching the with to or to the the
the screw the release Press and the release as the counterclockwise hear click. Gently the straight
and the Cover topic: and the Unit You the cover that with to the attached from the together or other the cover the as shown, the through the notch the of the cover.
Attaching and the Tighten both screws. To the cover, both screws and the cover off of the topic: the You the that with to to the and HDMI The G6050W, G6150, G6450WU, G6550WU, and G6750WU with to with the HDMI the and HDMI
the the of the anchors the the and HDMI anchor the around the and HDMI them each the anchors and the the and HDMI as shown. To the the and the Then the of each anchor and them of the topic: the Related Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to HDMI Source The the AA that with the
only the type of specified this of types, or and the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the
the Network Wired Network Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Network Projection the Network SNMP You to through wired G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). To this, the to and then and projection. and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM or the software as necessary. the following software and to and Network software the Network Projection instructions G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of the PC instructions G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). Network software only) allows to firmware wired LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network software G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU).
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the Remote G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) or G6800/G6900WU) to characters the the EPSONWEB G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP
Wireless Network Projection If manually, turn off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the displayed the arrow buttons the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network You to through wireless G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6500WU/G6750WU). To this, the optional wireless LAN and then and wireless projection. If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network software without the the optional wireless the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network software wireless the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of the PC instructions. the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS
the Wireless LAN WPA or EAP Security topic: the Network Related Optional and To the wireless the wireless LAN G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the
Only) the wireless LAN and using the screw the cover. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related Optional and You the Wireless USB to to the wirelessly G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). Then and the when the wireless LAN Turn the Press the LAN the You this:
that SSID and IP displayed, then the wireless LAN from the the Wireless USB the the wireless LAN You that the information the USB the wireless LAN the the USB to USB or the then Allow the
Selecting Wireless Network Manually Follow the on-screen instructions to the If to the firewall this displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network from wireless the the its Turn the Press the the Network and
Network and Select the and the following options as necessary: to characters to the the Remote to characters the the EPSONWEB to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Network Projection LAN On wireless LAN and off Protected To Select To to the WPS LAN the type of wireless LAN the to
Selects the type of wireless Advanced SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to Search Access To Search Search wireless Advanced selects the the wireless SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the DHCP On DHCP assigns automatically; to to manually the IP and Gateway IP or the IP LAN to or the optional Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS or the Gateway or the IP the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network Projection connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection
WPA or EAP Security the WPA or EAP security to match with the information. Turn the Press the button. the Network and Select Network and
Wireless Security Select the Security and Select WPA or EAP from the Select the the security as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the connecting the to. Security Selects the type of security the wireless WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA/WPA2-EAP
Passphrase from to WPA/WPA2-PSK security, EAP PEAP WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects the PEAP-TLS authentication to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the when CA CA WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and CA RADIUS On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the authentication characters selects the the EAP-TLS LEAP characters selects the when the PEAP-TLS or EAP- TLS EAP characters selects the EAP authentication
the HTTP from RADIUS to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, of On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the topic: WPA or EAP Security Follow the instructions to the to G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). You to once or the correctly. HTTP from topic: the Network You the HTTPS to increase security the and with To this, the and the HTTP the to the of the the and allows However, the from browser, about the when the from This warning topic: the You the the wireless LAN authentication. with characters selects the to
the turned connected to the the IP the browser's and the You the and to ID and the following information or lowercase exactly as shown: the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the (You the using the Network Network the option and You this: Click the the and the Click to the
the Apply to and the topic: the You these of the (PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS) Format PKCS#12 PKCS, P12 Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 to characters; Format DER/CER/PEM Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Encoding HTTP) Format PKCS#12
Network Specification PKCS, P12 Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Common Network Optional to characters; topic: from You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and of the following: Select the and Turn the and then and Turn G6800/G6900WU
G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU
Network the IP the SMTP option. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose or field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete or and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network
SNMP Network SNMP Network software network they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and of the following: Select the Others and Select the and then the SNMP and G6800/G6900WU G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU
Select the SNMP and G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. To the IP using the the and the these or through (where from to If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to G6800/G6900WU). If the to allow the to G6800/G6900WU). If to the G6800/G6900WU). If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the the Broadcasting G6800/G6900WU) only). selecting Complete or and follow the instructions to and the
topic: the Network Once connected to and browser. This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or If to Communication On to and the the turned connected to the the IP the and the You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the option. You this:
selection buttons the A/V and Closed Source search the to the function to topic: the Network Related
If the and the and using You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and using and connected to the If to the when the turned off, to the the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others G6800/G6900WU) or the G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) and G6800/G6900WU
G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU the to On to allow the to detected.
Networked the Broadcast the software. selecting Complete or Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and using connected to the the IP the browser's and the You this Select the input that to the Sources You through using the and arrows the
To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Screen the Screen the the Height the With the Focusing the the Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the the and Turn the or to the the If the Source Search the the the input when
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and and If projected right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or the Search the to the
Turning the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the the If shutdown the the or the the (To the other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing topic:
Selecting the the the If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: You the to match the aspect ratio of the displayed to the used. Turn the and Press the Select the and
the Select Screen You this Select aspect ratio and Press the to the the the aspect ratio the topic: Related Aspect Ratio You the there the of the and the Turn the and Press the button. Select the and Select
the the arrow buttons the or to the of the finished, the The the Screen to the G6050W, G6450WU, G6550WU, or G6900WU or the G6150 and G6800 topic: If the directly front of the the of the the turning the the and accuracy. Turn the and
the as shown to release the Turn the and the to the of the as necessary. The which the shown as follows:
of Projected when the G6050W/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU); V G6150/G6800) The to both the and finished, the as shown to the
Follow these when using to the height, the than where to and then using the This the from the and their the topic: You to the without connecting or The the to the type with the Turn the Press the the or the arrow the Press the or right arrow buttons the or the to through the the as necessary. Press the to the
the Height topic: Related the Screen The following while the displayed. Top Correction Black G6800/G6900WU) topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Advanced RGB RGBCMY Brightness Edge
Turn the and To the height, the front foot to or If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related Shape Related
Correcting with H/V You the directly front of the of the and it If the to the or or or off to the to the the Correcting with H/V Correcting with Corner Correcting with Corner Correcting Shape with Curved Correcting Shape with Correction Correcting with Corner Wall topic: You the H/V to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and the and Then You the the arrow buttons the or the to and correction and to the as necessary. finished, correction, slightly topic: Related
Correcting Shape with Corner Related You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner
Correcting with Corner the arrow the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Related You the Corner to the or of the of G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU). Turn the and You to the using the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and the Correction and Then You the Correction
Correcting with Curved the arrow buttons the or the to the or of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Related You the Curved to the of or spherical G6800/G6900WU). Turn the and You to the the the the using The focused throughout the below. Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Curved and If to You this Select the Correct and
the arrow buttons the or the to the to Then To Curved the least seconds to then the arrow buttons the to the
If the the the the further that Press the to to the Curved the three as necessary to If the expands or with the to the linearity. Select of the following from the Curved Linearity or Linearity or Select displayed to as and The selected flashes and white. the linearity of the following: Press the arrow to or the the to the Press the right arrow to the the to the finished, to
Correcting with Correction If necessary, the of Curved Correction. topic: Related Related Correcting with Correction You the Correction to the This to that correctly. Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Correction and If to You this
the Correction and Select the of to and the arrow buttons the or to to the the that to Then The from to the arrow to the necessary You to or the and to the Press to to the and another to correct, necessary. finished, to topic: Related Related
Correcting Shape with Corner Wall You the Corner Wall to the of with right such as or the of G6800/G6900WU). Turn the and You to the using the The focused throughout the below. Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Corner Wall and If to You this
Select the Corner and Select of the following: Corner when the Corner when the Press the to to the Corner Wall Select the Correct and
the and the option to the the of the or the where the (The of these shows Corner as the selected Corner the the Corner.) You to or the and to the the arrow buttons the or the to the to Then Corner selected, the top using the lowest (indicated the arrow) as reference and the indicated the top arrows. the the highest (indicated the arrow) as reference and the indicated the arrows.
Corner selected, the and right the the of the as reference To Corner Wall the least seconds to then the arrow the or to the the as to If the expands or with the to the linearity. Press the to to the Corner Wall Select the Linearity and the linearity the following: Press the arrow to or the the to the or top of the Press the right arrow to or the the to the right or of the
the With the finished, to If necessary, the of Corner Wall Correction. topic: Related Related Correcting with Correction Turn the and turning the the and You to the the To or reduce the the
Focusing the the Focusing the with the Optional Short Throw topic: Related Turn the and turning the the and accuracy. You to the the To the the Focusing the with the Optional Short Throw topic: Related If the optional throw (ELPLU01) and the shifted the option, the the and Turn the and You to the using the
the counter-clockwise further. to the throw when to the from shifting. the front of the with and the other to the the around the focused.
Remote Operation the the around the of the focused. the to the If the around the of the to the using the throw ELPLU01 selected the the that correctly. If the shifted the using the height, the than where to and then the This the from topic: Focusing the the Related the The the from anywhere the to You the front or of the that the the receivers within the
to the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the topic: Related the Remote
Selecting Source If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the to turned DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source Search the or the Search the the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the BNC
the the Networked DisplayPort HDMI SDI G6900WU) HDBaseT G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU) topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds.
the Projection the The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and and Press or to the topic: Projection
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related Quality You the aspect ratio of the to the the the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio
Aspect Ratios Related the You the following aspect the selected and the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input aspect or Normal, Native* or Normal, Native or Normal, Native when or from the HDMI or HDBaseT G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU) Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the aspect ratio of the input aspect aspect the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the that the of the projected. Native as (aspect ratio and maintained). topic: Aspect Ratio Related the
the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the using the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic:
Turning On Iris You the to these the input bright bright Theatre bright bright Sports photographs and other DICOM SIM from (reduces the tone The DICOM SIM reference and should to topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the
the with the the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the to the as with The buttons the internal G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes
the and To or the the buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You the and the Press the Select the and the and Select the and You this:
Select the and the displayed to the and finished, topic:
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security 3D to Memory and Scheduled You temporarily turn off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this using the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security shared On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Protection from the or Selecting Security to the to
topic: Security To security, the the about seconds this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the
Selecting Security to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protection to whenever the
You the to the the the while the using the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support. the and of ownership the topic: Security
to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which useful the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the
You the factor Select and You to the as the and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them.
Security topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security Related Rear You the to from to each other. You the using the or the While the other and to both
Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the
To the the or topic: You the from or to The following options from each and the from each and the to
the ID Follow the instructions these sections to and from the of the Projected From Scaling the Brightness the Edges the Black the Colors topic: You To this, to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the to each other. least inches of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID topic: If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select the and
the ID Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. the ID switch to On
the of the Projected From the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. If know the ID, the ID and the to temporarily the ID the If the of the the ID to its topic: If to the of from the the You to the the the physical and to the the and features. turning the the and the these Correction Corner Correction topic: Related
Scaling Related the the With the Correcting with Corner Correcting Shape with Correction You the from and the to and them Press the Select the and Select the and You this Select the and On Select the and of the following the aspect ratio as the
the to the as the Select or of the following options and as necessary: or the and vertically the Vertically the vertically the Select the and the arrow buttons to the and of each as the finished, topic:
the Brightness the Edges with the that as bright as the G6050W/G6150/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU). the the brightness of each match exactly. Turn the and the Select Normal the Select or 3D Multi-Projection 3D the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the Brightness and Select brightness Press to to the previous topic: Related Related You the Edge to from Press the Select the and
Select the and Select the Edge and You this Turn the Edge and If the the Colors the to and You this: Select the and On Select the and the of the
the Black The should that the the of the the Press to back to the previous Select the Curve G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU) and the finished, the topic: the brightness and tone from the that You the Black to reduce this and noticeable G6800/G6900WU).
You the when displayed. The brightness and tone of the from the of the the Press the Select the and the Multi-Projection and the Edge and You this
Select the Black and You this Select the Correction and The to the displayed.
The displayed the Top Edge Edge Right Edge Edge and the selected. Edge and selected the Correction this: the arrow buttons to and the The selected the arrow buttons to the
the Colors To another the and the finished, the and when the to to the Black of the Top Edge Edge Right Edge or Edge the Black to its Select the and You this the and tone of the that to match the that the displayed finished, the to topic: You match the of that to each other. or 3D 3D the Brightness and match exactly the below. Press the button.
Select the and Select the Multi-Projection and Select the and You this Press to the and the the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the it matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these to to and topic: Related
3D to Memory and optional and 3D to and 3D the instructions with the optional and the 3D from the and of the 3D topic: Related You each of and then the whenever to them. Turn the and Press the Select the and the Memory and You this
Scheduled Select of the following options: Memory with Memory to memory with memory that indicated previously memory overwrites the with Memory the selected memory Memory memory topic: You command such as turning the or off, or switching input as to the and the the command the scheduled The Protection the Protection turned off to Press the Select the and Select the and The appears. Select the and Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the to finished, and To the Select and to
Editing Editing Scheduled topic: You the the the scheduled The the following: Reoccurring on/off topic: Scheduled You scheduled the the Press the Select the and Select the and The appears.
Press the or right arrow buttons to highlight the the containing the scheduled to Press the or arrow buttons to highlight the to then Select from the following options: On/Off or the selected the the selected Clear the selected New scheduled finished, and Select and to changes. To and topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Varying or the Brightness Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Varying the sharpness or Sharpness of to the tone based and
Advanced options the and intensity of the Iris On the based the when selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input
You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically from RGB (when On) the input from RGB Normal Tracking Varying to from RGB Varying to or from RGB right the location the 3D 3D 3D when projecting from the Normal or allows to specify
whether to interlaced-to-progressive Smooths and G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU Normal them /G6900WU) Reduction NR1 Processing to NR On the or artifacts around the of that caused the of MPEG Processing to the to match the of the Normal connected to the DisplayPort fast-moving High NR2 Expanded HDMI HDBaseT G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU) and SDI G6900WU) input graphics, and
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- options to the of the each the ratio to the or Processing height the selected input RGB corrects corrects displays higher
DisplayPort EQ the input the connected to the DisplayPort the to reduce interference or other topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features.
Correction the Corner the and while Screen to the options or to locking to the H/V manually Correction the of the and G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G65 Corner to 50WU/G6750WU) the of the four corners Correction Correction to Curved the or of the and G6800/G6900WU) Correction to and finely Corner Wall the Curved to G6800/G6900WU) the when Corner Wall to the when with right the
Normal Selects the of the Interlock Varying the of the Remote Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers Assigns option to the and buttons the to the the or right arrow buttons the or the to through the or to Memory Memory of to memory Memory Normal ECO brightness Rear one-touch Memory Memory Interlock the the surrounding too high ECO reduces brightness and and and
topic: the the features that its operation. the this topic Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type (closed only Creates screen that the displays to and security CC2 NTSC connected through the or
Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Direction Varying Selects the the the the selected the the topic A/V A/V Selects and Rear Rear A/V to and to when the turned to this Select the to to when the to RGB from the or BNC which selected when the Selects to
On this to allow the following operations to Communication when the the connected to the HDBaseT or G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU) from the Ethernet and the turning this the LAN RS- 232C and Remote and the and to (A/V to On Communication from the HDBaseT G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU)
Brightness Select options when from G6050W/G6150/G6550WU/G67 50WU/G6800/G6900WU) Brightness the of the Edge the operations to pre-scheduled Selects the and displays option) Selects the of the displayed the whether the to Normal to this ID Edge the to the and of each ID the to ID which allows to to individually
Background Selects the or to when Screen whether appears when the A/V Selects the or to when A/V turned Confirmation the the Notice when the Screen the aspect ratio and of the to the type of Corrects the Uniformity the tone Direct On the when it Automatically off the of inactivity the the off turned
High the operating BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC (normally should off termination such as switchers necessary) Remote Normal Normal to the that with the or to (selecting the that with the Inv Direction this the and to the arrow buttons the Source Search Automatically the input when the turned A/V Release A/V Select A/V to the A/V to off A/V or to to off or off the that played when the or off ELPLU01 Select ELPLU01 when the optional throw Others (ELPLU01) attached; otherwise this Others
Network Network the and topic: the the information and the and
Information Info Info Wireless LAN wireless and G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G65 50WU/G6750WU) Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Wired Network Wireless Network Projection You information about the and input the Info the SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
The hours the least hours. the input Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the
ID Information item ID the ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection 04FE The Network unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FF occurred. Turn the off and then with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct.
ID and The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network the Network Projection 089A The EAP authentication type match the the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089B EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089C EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089D topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the Hours option, or the and the Memory the Memory option.
You the following using the option: Network items Uniformity topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and clean the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with
Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the turn off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the the topic:
Cleaning the You to the the following The or You to The light flashes Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the each of the to to off force when the or it crack and become the or or to the or and the optics or other areas.
the front of the (the with the to If to or the the the back the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and
the Related Light You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the of to regulations. the the as shown and clicks the cover.
the topic: and Related Light Optional and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Light Optional and the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least
the screwdriver included with the to the screws the cover, and then the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury. the screws the to the The screws the
the its and of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right
the assembly to the and the screws to the cover and the screws to the securely or the the to to of the topic:
the Related Optional and Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the
the Remote topic: Related the The AA or the as as they only the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote Operation
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the connected to the of the following: If the the If optional from the If the with the cover that included with the to the mount. the the protective that included with the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the
Projection Light the these sections the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light light light and light Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the
light light light and light Flashing Flashing too overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing to the On Flashing It to clean the that the and Clean or the the that the and Clean or the If operating the high If the the that the and If operating the high If the the with or too with or High and or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. with or High and
light light light and light On Flashing through the On to the securely flow through the On Flashing The its and to to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and Flashing The Turn the If the lights the the off, and that the and Clean or the If the the that the and Clean or the If the the off, and with or and with or and
the or Sound topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the the the You information to the Turn the Press the the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect
Appears to Sound topic: If appears, try the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX If connected through the DisplayPort the DisplayPort EQ the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality Related Unlocking the
Appears From PC From If the appears, the following Press the Source Search or Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, turn the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the try the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the or LCD option, necessary. Click the or
"Not Supported" Appears Appears Select the checkbox. topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the selected the the used. the the turned off. the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related
the Not the or Static Supported Related the the Screen If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, the the Correction topic: or Sound Related Related If the to or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely both Not connected to than the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If projecting from the the to the Tracking and If connected without to caused interference the If connected through the DisplayPort the DisplayPort EQ the
the or Blurry topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From PC From If the or blurry, the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from topic: or Sound Related Quality Projection Related Focusing the the Cleaning the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected If using the ECO selecting Normal the the enough to the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search or Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the output the the the and
or Remote to or Shut-Off If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On and the A/V options correctly. You to the to hear sound G6800/G6900WU). If the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound Related Related Connecting to Sound Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and
to with the Remote If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, try the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with the the to Normal the that with the If the another from topic: or Remote
to Network Not Where to Related references Optional and Remote Operation If or remember the following You turned protection without first using the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote Operation If to with the the following the and to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with
to Representative To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported of Poly-silicon TFT active G6050W F=1.65 to reproduction Brightness G6050W (WXGA) G6150/G6800 (XGA) G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU (WUXGA) length: to Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
G6150 Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO G6450WU Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light output ECO White light (ISO G6550WU Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO G6750WU/G6900WU Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
ratio with Iris and Normal inches to inches G6150 Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio G6150/G6800 (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) G6800 Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO brightness light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO inches to inches G6050W/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU inches to inches G6050W/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU
Specifications sound G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU G6050W/G6150/G6550WU correction (with G6150/G6800 topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) G6800/G6900WU N/A (Normal (ECO G6450WU (Normal (ECO G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU (Normal (ECO (with G6050W/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU
Remote Specifications Specifications G6050W/G6450WU Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches Normal to about hours ECO to about hours G6150/G6550WU Normal to about hours ECO to about hours G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU Normal to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications inches inches G6050W/G6150/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU (with and without cover) G6800/G6900WU approximately topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC G6050W to G6150/G6550WU to G6450WU to G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU to
to V) G6050W Normal ECO G6150/G6550WU Normal ECO G6450WU Normal ECO G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU Normal ECO (Communication On)
Specifications to V) G6050W topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) Humidity (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications Normal ECO G6150/G6550WU Normal ECO G6450WU Normal ECO G6750WU/G6800/G6900WU Normal ECO (Communication On) to F to C) to with High
and Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI and DisplayPort input G6150/G6800) VGA SVGA XGA
Refresh WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI and DisplayPort input G6050W/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+
Refresh SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDI input G6900WU) SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV when selected as the G6050W/G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU) G6450WU/G6550WU/G6750WU/G6900WU only with VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input DisplayPort input HDMI input topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to If the mounted or should technicians using mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, stubborn or cloth that or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in
allow of to the the of the If using or least inches of the to allow You to the and or to the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where it to
the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the anything that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. the cover to the when the to the from becoming or The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. TM and TM and SM and SM service of America, Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. HDBaseT TM and the of the HDBaseT Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL the of of this If to the of the GPL as the
These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge
this service wish), that or that the software or of and that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright it distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the as Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the
You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the terms of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically distribution, machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include anything that normally or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the
would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute it and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive
Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they
the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary However, the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to software only, the other to non-free of people to of software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those functions and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of change. You the whole of the to charge to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its
function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this
that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such only and and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the terms of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with.
the with written offer, least three years, to the user the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from However, as the to distributed that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of
the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation;
this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of Coon, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG
The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and accuracy. This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the ansi2knr.c included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. (Since the Huffman
that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" boxes and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of used) terms as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work.
of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You own within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this
of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner]
Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright Rights
to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's
(C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the
to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. WPA The copyright of the WPA software terms and to as "WPA The this with the BSD as of the WPA The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of WPA WPA of of each which of the copyright to the "WPA as follows. Copyright Jouni and Rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MPEG-4 ASP: With to offering MPEG-4 and/or the following THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO") AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES AND LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM. MPEG-4 AVC: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM WMV/WMA (Microsoft): This protected property rights of Microsoft. or of such of this prohibited without from Microsoft. VC-1 THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD ("VC-1 VIDEO") AND/OR VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM
MIT This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution
The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS revised what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
mentioning or of this software the following This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following stipulation of included the
Copyright Notice this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution each to and of the copyright when using While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-38863R2 topic: Copyright Notice