BrightLink
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The BrightLink include these features: interactive functions with or without with the Enhanced Interactive and Touch-based interactivity as as (BrightLink whiteboard with to other including smartphones, and other with whiteboard from Scan and from connected or without from USB throw 87-inch (WXGA) from inches Easily mounted (with the mount) or (with the optional mount) fast, low-cost Can mounted vertically to interactive workspace directly Reduced interference and Bright, high-resolution to of light and of white (white light
light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO Native of (WXGA) connectivity HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI or USB and Wired network and Optional wireless including and PC shows connected USB memory or VGA Projection from or with the wireless LAN and free (U.S.) or information and of ownership with and high-efficiency High ratio ratio and Iris closed captioning with connecting and Direct On features and Network to to Product Additional Optional and Warranty and Information topic: Introduction to
Additional and AA each (BrightLink USB Touch Unit (BrightLink Protected and software CD software Interactive Function CD Touch Unit and the (BrightLink (BrightLink (BrightLink (BrightLink Wireless LAN (with topic: to the to the following To or A/V or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI
Optional and Apple options. and through the HDMI To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with Devices with integrated MHL To BrightLink together, or the (ELPKC28). To the from the the (ELPKC28). To with from with or purchase information. If purchase mount that included VGA VGA You purchase from or authorized topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP80) V13H010L80 (ELPAF40) V13H134A40 wireless USB (ELPAP09) V12H005M09 Promethean software V12HPSW001 SMART software V12HSSW020 Software BrightLink V12HMSS020 Wall mount (ELPMB43) V12H675020 mount (ELPMB29) V12H516020 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020
Warranty and Information Option or DC-12 (ELPDC12) V12H594020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 (ELPCB02) V12H614020 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 Additional interactive (ELPN04A) V12H666010 Additional interactive (ELPN04B) V12H667010 of (ELPPS02) V12H668010 Interactive (ELPPE01) V12H590001 USB V12H525001 Remote (ELPKC28) V12H005C28 On Wall ELPCK01 security ELPSL01 Touch Unit mount (BrightLink ELPPT05 90-inch whiteboard V12H468002 96-inch whiteboard V12H468001 VGA F3H982-06 VGA F3H982-10 ELPKC19 to the and service topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the or to to the whiteboard Select the to summary of the and (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network instructions only), the instructions using to interactive the PC If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to
Locations the to learn about the Interface Interactive and Remote Touch Unit topic: Introduction to Remote cover screws cover
cover screw cover topic: Locations cover switch Security LAN light Interactive
Interface Projection Security cover topic: Locations Wireless LAN USB-B
Network LAN HDMI HDMI 1/MHL RS-232C SYNC In/Out TCH the Touch Unit (BrightLink USB-A USB-A optional to the topic: Locations Related Light
mount Security Rear foot (BrightLink Wall mount plate foot (BrightLink topic: Locations
Related the lights Source Search (searches connected (selects the and and arrow buttons information) buttons and arrow buttons topic: Locations
Interactive and Battery light Power/function optional or Battery cover
Mounting Security topic: Locations
Remote
the and it as whiteboard the buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) Strap information) action) buttons (activates on-screen functions and wireless PC Interactive and PC (selects MHL (displays or the MHL Whiteboard the necessary) and displays Whiteboard the to USB or Source Search (searches
Touch Unit topic: Locations The Touch Unit with the BrightLink only. (Cover On) cover TCH Security light
Rear topic: Locations
Whiteboard (switches to whiteboard Source Search (searches connected the the USB-B of USB-A USB thumbdrive or other cover) USB-A top cover) USB-B to the or thumbdrive top cover) USB-A to the interactive top cover) Remote connecting the optional top cover)
Light cover to USB thumbdrive or other Top cover to or batteries) when wired topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to Removing and Attaching the the of the Touch Unit the the Remote the the throw to (with mount) or vertically (with mount) to interactive these as location: Follow the instructions the with mounting to the the included mounting of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded or cord. If vertically or the mount (V12H516020) required. If the mount (V12H675020) required. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Mounted the or Mounted to interactive workspace Wherever the to front of the topic: Related references The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or information and instructions, the with
mount. You the Throw (U.S.) or based inches from the Aspect Ratio height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio from top height of to inches inches inches inches inches inches
height from top height of to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
and the Cover the of the Touch Unit topic: to to the cover. both of the screws (screwdriver included). off the cover. To the cover, and the screws. topic: the You the of the Unit to the of
These instructions that the Touch Unit mounted and connected to the with or mount. Turn the the screw the of the Touch Unit. the cover from the Touch Unit.
the from the Touch Unit. Press the the or Select Interactive Function from the
Select Touch Unit to On
The Touch Unit and the light Warning: the or the Touch Unit's (located the back of the Touch Unit); this to eyesight. Select The displayed.
Turn the the Touch Unit counterclockwise hear click. Press the the to turning the when hear the click. the from the Touch Unit to the shown the
Match the that the (A) with the (B) the the the the of the with the the with the and as the displayed the and right of the the to the as follows: the of the the
the to the the that each of the the Correct Incorrect other than the the projected If other the correctly.
Turn the the Touch Unit to the that they of the of the and Turning clockwise the the of the
Turning counterclockwise the from the of the the the the become If clicking sounds, the further. turning the the from or the the the and right become the the
The displayed.
the the top correctly, the become If the become from
the the correctly, the become If the become from finished the the and the the
The following displayed:
Trace the with as shown. correctly, the traced touch operations function correctly wearing polish, or that of the disappeared, the the the and to the If (as shown below), the following: from around the finished, the or arrow the and If the the about counterclockwise. Press the or arrow the and
If the or there that such as whiteboard or to
If there that such as whiteboard or the from the back of the and them to the that the reflected the to the the and the and the of to the of once or anything the The function properly them. the the or arrow the and If the attaching the the about counterclockwise. Press the or arrow the and If the the
the the On the Interactive Function then Touch Unit Select Touch and follow the instructions.
finished the the Touch Unit.
the to the of the Touch Unit. Match the of the with the the Touch Unit. If the Touch Unit of the of the to where to the Touch Unit.
the the cover. to the screw the of the cover. topic: the Related Touch Unit Instructions Related Touch Interactivity Touch Operations To the or first to the (BrightLink You then the to the Turn the
the front foot the the front of the foot Rear the the the back of the topic: the You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly.
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to the Connecting to Connecting of the topic: the Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to or USB Connecting to Sound Connecting to the topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB You to the This the interactive with You to the USB the through the USB that USB interactive function. the performance, VGA or HDMI recommended. You USB to the instead of directly to the
Connecting to VGA Turn the to USB-B the other to USB To USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then the that appears to the USB software. Select the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources You the to VGA
Connecting to HDMI and To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to or USB the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to or HDMI the to the USB the with You USB to the instead of directly to the Connecting the USB the to as wireless this the the with the USB to USB-B the other to USB
Connecting to Sound Connecting to the If to the as wireless to the USB the You to to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related references Related the Remote as Wireless If includes sound and to the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources If the and to the through the USB-B (preferably USB the and to the USB
the than from the and the from the the the This the interactive with You to the USB the through the USB that USB interactive function. the performance, VGA or HDMI recommended, to the USB interactive Turn USB connected the USB-B the and the USB-A the another USB to the USB the of the and USB To USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then the that appears to the USB software. Select the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software.
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software only the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to MHL-Compatible Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or connecting to
Connecting to Connecting to Source topic: Connecting to Sources If smartphone or to the MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI 1/MHL connected charge when MHL the MHL or to If MHL to HDMI the other of the to the HDMI 1/MHL The the from the or to topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional to with the to or If these to
Connecting to Source the VGA to the Tighten the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional or A/V the with the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to You sound through the the to the (with and RCA If connected to the HDMI or MHL the with the sound. the to the other of the to the or To sound, and to receiver, then the to the of the receiver's outputs HDMI the quality, You to that its or headphones connected to the using topic: Connecting to Sources If connected the to using to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to On as the and On as the A/V the
Connecting to that refresh than to correctly. connected to the the to RGB from the to the interactive features Interactive topic: To the sound from the to You the the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the You from the USB-B and LAN while the off. The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary.
Connecting to USB USB the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Connecting USB to the or Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB From the or topic: You and other without or connecting of these to USB or smartphone USB USB memory
Connecting USB or to the or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB Class-compliant USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their AC (bus-powered recommended) with You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB-A shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices
Connecting USB to the or Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB From the or You USB to the USB-A the or and to and other If USB with the USB connected the USB-A the and the USB-B the the USB the (or USB or USB memory the USB-A the of the the other of the to You USB directly to the USB-A topic: Connecting to USB Devices You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the or the the connected USB turned necessary. Press the Source Search the or then USB1 topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB to the from the or
Connecting to the If the off and the the USB (or from the or topic: Connecting to USB Devices You or all-in-one to the the and to and from the whiteboard. the the USB connected the USB-A the and the USB-B the another USB to the the the than the other of the to the USB type the You wireless or through the Whiteboard topic: Related Selecting Whiteboard
Supported Connecting to You to with the type and Scanning only from All-in-One USB type Command USB Network function ESC/P-R function ESC/P-R topic: Connecting to the Related Selecting Whiteboard You to to the of the following to the to the DC-06 the USB that with the and to the to the USB-A and to the USB the DC-11 to the or and to the the the
Connecting of the the DC-12 to the HDMI or and to the the the the DC-20 to the HDMI or and to the the the software, to instead of the the topic: If the interactive of of the the to the To this, the optional (V12H005C28) to the SYNC each of the to the SYNC and the other to the SYNC the other
the Remote If three or the as shown. the the of to Wired If the the as another that the Wired to the If the optional the of the to topic: The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and batteries. the cover.
the the with the and facing as shown. the cover and it clicks of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Each AA battery.
the the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown. the and clicks topic: the The AA
If the optional (ELPKC28), instead of to the the top cover of the prying off as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the cover and it clicks topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP Creating Templates from You to through wired To this, the to and then and and the as the software from the Software CD or the software as necessary. the following software and to and Network Projection software the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and to Network and only) PC software allows to interactive the of the EasyMP PC Projection instructions. Network software only) allows to wired LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network Projection from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the or to characters the the user EPSONWEB security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP
Restricted IP If manually, off DHCP and the IP DNS WINS ,and Gateway as manually IP restricted IP To highlight the from the displayed the arrow buttons the To highlighted and the the while the numbers. To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete or Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Restricted IP topic: Wired Network Projection Related references Network Network manually IP of IP Restricted IP IP Gateway DNS to to to
Wireless Network Projection Restricted IP WINS topic: Selecting Wired Network You to through wireless To this, the wireless LAN and then and wireless projection. If LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly using the Network Projection software or other software. There to the to wireless the optional Wireless USB only) the manually using the Network the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC software allows to interactive the of users the PC Projection instructions. Projection from or with the wireless LAN and free iProjection (U.S.) or information. the LAN to If WINS
the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS WPA or EAP Security topic: the Network To the wireless the wireless the other of wireless the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord.
Unscrew and the cover attached (screwdriver included). the wireless LAN the shown
Wireless Only) the cover and the screws. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection You the USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when The USB included with Turn the the USB to the USB-A If the connected to the the USB to the USB- the as shown: You that the information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the
Selecting Network Manually Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If to the firewall. the If appear, the Source Search and the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection from wireless the the its Turn the Press the Select the Network and
Select Network and Select the and Select the following basic options as necessary: to characters to the the Remote to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
LAN Select the LAN and Select the the LAN as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection LAN On wireless LAN and off Protected To Select To to the WPS
LAN the type of wireless LAN the to Selects the type of wireless Advanced to or the optional USB to If the SSID to On the becomes easy If SSID to the created SSID On SSID searching to when connecting to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to Search Access To Search Search wireless Advanced selects the the wireless LAN Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the DHCP On DHCP assigns automatically; to to manually the IP and Gateway DNS IP the IP the DNS The DNS the WINS IP the IP the where this (instead of the UNC when the from the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click
Selecting Network OS WPA or EAP Security topic: Wireless Network Projection connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the AirPort then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network the WPA or EAP security to match with the information. Select WPA or EAP from the Select the the security as
Security selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security Selects the type of security the wireless WPA/WPA2-PSK from to WPA/WPA2-PSK security, Passphrase characters selects the the EAP PEAP WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects the PEAP-TLS authentication EAP-TLS WPA/WPA2-EAP LEAP You to characters the To input than characters, the the to iProjection.
user to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, characters selects the when using the PEAP-TLS or EAP- TLS EAP to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, characters selects the EAP authentication WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the when CA CA WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and CA You to characters the To input than characters, browser. You to characters the To input than characters, browser.
Network RADIUS On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the authentication RADIUS to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, characters selects the to of On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the topic: WPA or EAP Security You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the and then and the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the If the to Network
Network SNMP topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Networked the and then the SNMP and to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. these or through (where from to the community of SNMP to characters). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or functions
If to to when the turned off, to the the ECO the turned connected to the the IP the browser's and the You the screen and to user ID and the following information or lowercase exactly as shown: the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the (You the the Network To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the option. If the to On the user ID the EPSONREMOTE You this
Creating the Switch to whiteboard to the Prints the A/V and Searches Switches to whiteboard the Closed Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network Related Security from whiteboard choose from You the text of to through the displayed the they appear the text the text containing the of to to the The the following characteristics: Each of with Character of text
Templates from Browser and to the the IP of the You the IP the Network the and the Select the This appear when from The displayed. Select Whiteboard and the Choose Select the and The to the To the Whiteboard and topic: the Network Related Network Network You to templates Whiteboard You to which to as the turned connected to the the IP the browser's and the You the and to ID and the following information or lowercase exactly as shown: the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.)
the the (You the using the Network Whiteboard You this: Template the of the template Select the the and Select to the template to the topic: the Network If the and the and You the or the Broadcasting when information
topic: the Network To and and connected to the If to the when the turned off, to the the ECO Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and the to On to allow the to detected. Turn off the then to the
topic: Once to and connected to the the IP the browser's and the You this Select the input that to the Sources You through the and arrows the To remotely, the on-screen that to the buttons. You through options the of the These directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and
selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the and the with the and the Focusing the Remote Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the PC Turn the or to the the
the to the the With Direct On turned the as as The light This that the Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and
Turning the If right the following: Turn the or Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness the A/V the To off the off the Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light off. With technology, there cool-down the right necessary).
Selecting the the the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the and Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: Related You the and to and wireless LAN authentication. Press the Select the and Select the and
The appears. Select the and of the following: the and using the on-screen Select On as the and the IP the the field. Select DST and the Daylight location. finished, the and to
Correcting with the topic: Features Related WPA or EAP Security Related topics You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the interactive the without Correcting with the Correcting Shape with Corner topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the interactive the of and correction than Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this
Press of these the to the
Press the to the The and correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic:
Correcting with Corner You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the using the You the the the the assigned to this Press the button. Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then
the with the and You the Corner the arrow the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, Corner the of the interactive topic: Turn the and To the the the
the To reduce the the the the the If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Related You the to the without the This the option to the
Focusing the Turn the and the the and buttons. the the automatically. the arrow buttons the or to the You the to the topic: Related references Turn the and You to the the the switch to the cover the of the
or the to the topic: Related The the from anywhere the to You the or board, or the front or back of the
that the the receivers within the the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the as topic:
the as You the as wireless from the This the as the interactive If to the as wireless to the USB the the to using the USB-B or HDMI to You the wireless with MHL If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the
the Remote as Selecting Source topic: Remote You the as to information the The arrow, using the Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the to turned DVD or other and its button, necessary.
Press the Source Search the or then the topic: Related Selecting Source the to the correctly. from front of the
the the Remote the top-to-bottom to from or mount. This should when mount the vertically to interactive Rear the to from Rear/Upside the top-to-bottom and to from the or and The with the interactive You the the or the the the Projection the Remote the Projection the topic: Related You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds
the the Aspect Ratio topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the and Select and Press or to the topic: Related references The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect topic: You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input
the Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and maintained). The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary.
Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre bright Sports bright displays Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) DICOM SIM and other (shows clear RGBCMY the Advanced
Turning On Iris The and topic: Related Quality the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to as as the Normal You Iris each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the
the with the Projecting PC topic: You the buttons the to the as with The the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the the appears the To the to input the topic: You PC whenever USB that or This and easily and them the You of the Supported PC Starting PC Starting PC Starting PC PDF Slideshow topic:
Supported PC You these of the PC that FAT16/32. If from formatting the instead. You to the security features USB with PC features. the AC with the Graphic and Text type the the the the PDF the CMYK Highly 12MB Named with Animated PDF or earlier Encrypted
Starting PC type Recording MPEG-2 MPEG-1 MPEG-4 ASP MPEG-4 AAC-LC MPEG-4 AVC WMV9 WMA Motion JPEG Linear PCM USB with or the back correctly. You to which DRM Rights applied. topic: Projecting PC connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC options or effects highlighting Option the of the and Press the Source Search the or or the Source Select the whiteboard. Select the USB1 You back MPEG with You back from Linear PCM and AC-3 the with ADPCM
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and or the or buttons the of the following: To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the
PC While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the topic: PC USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options highlighting Option the of the screen and pressing Press the Source Search the or or the Source Select the whiteboard. Select the USB1 The PC appears.
Starting PC PDF the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and or the or buttons the To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the To playback, the highlight and topic: Projecting PC connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and PDF You the following while PDF from USB Release JPEG2000 effects, 3D artwork, or Press the Source Search the or or the Source the whiteboard. Select the USB1
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To the first of PDF the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the If than characters or include the shortened or only the If PDF the appear the While PDF the following commands to the as necessary: To to the or previous the or arrow
Slideshow To of to from, the button. Then the or right arrow to and To the of to the Press to to To displayed the or right arrow To the the the or arrow to highlight EXIT and topic: PC You these options when the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through
Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly Effect with with Random of topic: Projecting PC
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Creating to You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V topic:
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that You action the interactive Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the You the interactive
Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to quickly. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You command, such as the or off or switching input as You when the to the command. The Protection the Protection turned off to Editing topic:
Related You commands to and them as Press the button. Select the and Select the and The appears. Select the and Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the to finished, and To the Select and to topic: Related You scheduled the displayed the Press the the or Select the
Editing Select The displayed. Colored the the following: Repeating Communication or off To the and right arrow buttons the to The displays the of the that and the repeating topic: Related references You the the Press the the or Select the
Select The displayed. Colored the the following: Repeating Communication or off To the and arrow the to highlight While selected, the or the Press the and choose option.. On/Off or the the the Clear the Select and the the Select You the the topic:
Security Security Related You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the using the the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security shared On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Protection from the or Selecting Security to the to topic: Security
To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and Press and the the and the to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the
Selecting Security of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security Related
to the Network Network Related Turning On the to Related topics If and On Protection to whenever the You the to the Press and the the while the the buttons.
to The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support. Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security Related Selecting Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and
Select the and You to the displayed as and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or finished. You Press to the the and Select and
the Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security Related You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons,
Unlocking the Security To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security
Creating to You to the and then as to when the This the the to as the from connected or Press the the and Select the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the topic:
the Interactive Interactive Follow the instructions these sections to interactive features. Interactive the Interactive Interactivity BrightLink With Whiteboard (PC the The BrightLink interactive interactive whiteboard, with or without These interactive whiteboard or both interactive or (BrightLink to write the "whiteboard". You the and interact with the whiteboard and another You from thumbdrive or and or without (PC Annotation), from or other You annotated then or them. You the screen and the or both PC Interactive the interactive or (BrightLink as to select, and through from You the screen and interact with the You the Interactive software to interactive features, such as annotations and them. the Interactive instructions. topic: the Interactive Related Whiteboard BrightLink With
the Interactive the (PC The BrightLink interactive interactive whiteboard, with or without With Interactive This software the as to and interact with from people the Without the built-in This from DVD player, or other Follow the instructions these sections to the interactive the topic: the Interactive Related Interactive Related Selecting Source with and the the of the You or both the of each with Interactive the
The off of inactivity. the or the the to the back Battery light Power/function optional or Battery cover To the the or the power/function If the the light flashes then off. If the the light flashes continuously.
performance, the to the board, as shown below. the section near the of the To write or the or whiteboard the following: To such as the with the To the the with the and as necessary. To the the without touching To switch the from to the power/function the
To the as PC Interactive the following: To left-click, the with the To To right-click, the power/function the To and and with the To the the board without touching If to the off using the Interactive Function the topic: the Interactive Related Whiteboard BrightLink With (PC the of the with the location of You only to the first interactive features. to the (BrightLink If positioning of the following, Performing correction the
Automatically the the from the while Automatically Manually topic: the Interactive Related Correcting Shape with the the with the and the You the or You the the or the the as Press the the and
the Interactive Function and Select and the necessary. Press to appears then disappears, and the calibrated. If that to manually.
Manually The location and should match If to manually. topic: If the location and match manually. Press the the and Select the Interactive Function and
Select and the necessary. Press to flashing appears the of Touch the of the with the of the The and another below the first
the the of the Touch the of the then to the of the the appears the top of the the and the interactive to the the If the the to back to the previous To the process, and the seconds. of the topic:
Interactivity Touch Unit Instructions You to the functions as the interactive when the Touch Unit (BrightLink the instructions the Touch Unit. Touch Unit Instructions Touch Interactivity Touch Operations topic: the Interactive Related Whiteboard BrightLink With (PC Related the of the Unit The Touch Unit interactivity with (BrightLink to other or built-in, high-power from the the back of the Touch Unit.
Follow these when the Unit and interactivity: Children interactivity should or the Touch Unit. the the back of the Touch Unit. The should when allow the light from the Touch Unit to through or reflected such as or This or fire. the light from the Touch Unit using such as or within inches of the This the from the outlet and repairs to service with the Touch Unit. The Touch Unit Class that with IEC/EN60825-1:2007. The indicating the Class and located the following the Touch Unit:
Touch Interactivity topic: Touch Interactivity the positioning of with the location of the (BrightLink the interactivity. Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and Select Touch Unit and Select Touch and
The following appears: the necessary. Press to flashing appears the of Touch and the of the with the and another appears, then release The and another below the first
the the of the with the of the and the interactive to the the Touch the of the with and of the to the of the appears the top of If the the to back to the previous To the process, and the seconds. If the location and match, these to
Touch Operations topic: Touch Interactivity Related the of the Touch Unit Touch Operations You to interact with the as would interactive (BrightLink You or or both the operations with and whiteboard the the Touch Unit as mount's the of the Touch Unit installation. interactivity. Turn This the Touch Unit also. The light the Touch Unit
To write or the or whiteboard the following: To such as the with To the the with and as necessary. To as PC Interactive the following: To left-click, the board with To with To right-click, the board with about seconds. To and and item with To the If operating these the following: To or item and from each other or each other To the with and hand.
BrightLink With PC Interactive To or or or or operations correctly with or or wearing If too together or crossed, or touches the operating topic: Interactivity Related Touch Interactivity You to the and the software from the CD Software Interactive Function." You then the following: the or (BrightLink as to the Interactive software to with both or of and (BrightLink the the Interactive Operation information. and the PC input or Microsoft Office PC Interactive Switching to PC Interactive from (PC Interactive the Interactive and topic: the Interactive the to PC Interactive and Interactive
Switching to PC Interactive Interactive and to Interactive XP Professional SP2 or OS OS Edition OS OS and Professional, and and CPU or PC G4 or or recommended) (Core or recommended) Memory 512MB or (1G or recommended) 100MB or and or topic: BrightLink With Related Interactive You easily switch PC and PC interactive Although both PC interactive this interference that only To interference, off the or from the To switch to PC interactive the the then the To switch back to the then the topic: BrightLink With
from Screen (PC Interactive You select, and interact with from the using the interactive or (BrightLink as would OS to the Interactive using PC Interactive to (U.S.) or and the to USB Turn and Press the the the and the Select the USB and the Select of the following: Interactive Function to PC Interactive USB Interactive Function to PC Interactive and USB Wireless to the and USB Press the to the USB
Select the Interactive Function and the Select of the following as the and operating (BrightLink BrightLink Users/Mouse both interactive as One User/Mouse interactive as One the and and BrightLink XP or earlier and OS Press the the and the to the or the or the with the interactive or (BrightLink The displayed the
the Select the then the You the the interactive or (BrightLink topic: BrightLink With If or the the operation to match If to with the to If with the to On .If that the incorrect when PC Interactive the manually. when from LAN Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and Advanced the PC Interactive section and Select and
Interactive You this Press to The the top corner. the the top of the the of the with the interactive The the right corner. the the right of the the of the with the interactive topic: BrightLink With with CD containing the Interactive software with Interactive interactive or (BrightLink as to select, and interact with from These (interactive) displays the the and the or (BrightLink as to applications, and You whatever from both the Whiteboard of or background and the to write or the background. You from or whiteboard people the the whiteboard (BrightLink instructions the Interactive software, the Interactive or the
and and topic: BrightLink With If using or the input and to input and to You these features when the interactive to the Network Operation instructions and and topic: BrightLink With To the input and or to the Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and Select and Select of the following: One (BrightLink or when (BrightLink this features
and when input (BrightLink topic: and If or handwritten input to and to If Microsoft Office or the function to handwritten to Word spreadsheet, or Option the functions of Microsoft Office. To the Touch right-click or tap-and-hold the and Touch Select the the and the To the PC input or PC PC You write the using the interactive or (BrightLink and from of options to and the To annotations Microsoft Office the and Microsoft Word or the and
Whiteboard To Slideshow the the of the interactive or the with (BrightLink about seconds, and from the This XP PC Edition. information about these features, topic: and You the or (BrightLink to write or the as would or board. You the following: from thumbdrive or and or the background or or of or whiteboard the Whiteboard The Whiteboard Selecting Background Templates Whiteboard and Working With the Selecting and The Whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard or From Selecting Source Whiteboard Working With Whiteboard Whiteboard the Whiteboard topic: the Interactive
the Whiteboard You both the whiteboard Press the Whiteboard the or You the whiteboard with the and the To the to the other of the the arrow. You the or (BrightLink to the arrow or To the New the appears as thumbnail the To the the the of the If to the the the bottom of the To or the of the arrows.
The Whiteboard topic: Whiteboard The whiteboard write, and and backgrounds. The easily switch to PC or interactive Switch to PC Switch to whiteboard the
the Select Select freehand Turn the the selected as or from thumbdrive or or other and or free-form with highlighter and or free-form with highlighter Black thick right) thick right)
Selecting Background Templates thick right) (thin thick right) Clear the and both interactive and (BrightLink the each the topic: Whiteboard Related and With the Selecting and whiteboard or another background template and whiteboard You from or to templates the through whiteboard the Template the You the templates. Select of the template If to the the the Apply to To the the repeatedly to through the Not topic: Whiteboard
Whiteboard and Working With Related The Whiteboard Related Templates from You the to and around then when Select the the of the following to the necessary: Select the to the Select the to the Select the to to the Press and the screen to around the topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard whiteboard the to from thumbdrive or or with of Once the projected, or You the the to (including whiteboard Select the tool. Select the to then the appears the whiteboard
the Once selected the the Select or Select tool and of the following as necessary: To the it and with the To the and to or outward to To the the round the top of the and or right. To the and the of the The the right of the allows to: the from the whiteboard. location the to the Copy location the and of the selected of the the to the location. Crop around the selected the from the whiteboard edited the another from the whiteboard to topic: Whiteboard Related references The Whiteboard You of to and the and Select the Select the and to or the to the the to the topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard
Selecting and The Whiteboard You the and both the and the Highlighter Select the to the or Highlighter Select the and to the or Highlighter the to write or the topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard The whiteboard or and or the whiteboard or whiteboard or from thumbdrive or each the appears whiteboard Scan and Select background template the
the The appears as thumbnail the the previous the or or of thumbdrive or or of input the whiteboard and Touch the to the and sound. the and the the to to
Selecting Whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard and the functions or topic: Whiteboard Related Selecting Background Templates Whiteboard Selecting Source Whiteboard Working With Whiteboard Whiteboard Starting Shared Whiteboard Connecting to Shared Whiteboard from or From Related topics the Whiteboard Follow the instructions these sections to scanning, and whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard and Selecting Whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard topic: Whiteboard You the whiteboard to and the whiteboard the
Press the the Select the and Select Whiteboard and Select and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters whiteboard This Clock the and the whiteboard the the this option with internal or to of the or repaired. the displayed to the Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the and Select the following options as necessary: options scanning, USB or from the Template the templates Protect Templates to On the templates through the interface. to the user templates edited whiteboard the of the internal should this On and The
Selecting Whiteboard often whiteboard backed of selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Selecting Whiteboard Related Related Whiteboard Whiteboard Whiteboard Selecting Background Templates Templates from You the whiteboard from the Press the the Select the and Select Whiteboard and
Select and Select the following options as necessary: USB or Network the You this when whiteboard Selecting USB from All-in-One or A4 as the Network the and IP connected to the as the Once this information to the with the and the type. You the manually. to the connected the to the IP necessary. Press the arrow the to highlight and to them. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Selecting Whiteboard
Selecting Whiteboard Related Supported Related Connecting to the You the whiteboard from the Press the the Select the and Select Whiteboard and
Select and the following options as necessary: Location USB or Network USB or network You this when whiteboard UNC (Universal Convention) and the following You IP or as the You to characters the IP as the the with the using the CIFS If routing the TCP the and the as the the with the the SMB The shared To to the WINS the wired or wireless
Selecting Whiteboard the with read/write the You to characters. You the and them with backslash the You to characters. the and the the the displayed to the and necessary. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight and to them. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Selecting Whiteboard You the whiteboard from the Press the the Select the and Select Whiteboard and
Select and Select the following options as necessary: SMTP the IP or the You to characters. If specify DNS You the following IP or to Authentication the type of authentication expected the the SMTP The the You to characters. the You to characters. From the to displayed to the You to characters. optional testing. You to characters.
or From to the SMTP and to the as the the displayed to the Press the arrow buttons the to highlight or characters and to them. You the and You or the following the Reply to and From selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Selecting Whiteboard Related Related Selecting Wired Network Selecting Wireless Network Manually You whiteboard connected to the (or to supported. the or the You to sheets the ADF. If to the batches of Select the Scan the
Selecting Source You the Scan Select the following Select or Select the the ADF, On the Select Advanced to options. Select Scan the Scan or the appear whiteboard topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard You from to connected to the You the from PC Projection, and smartphones or
Select the Source Select the appears. Select You of The to the currently selected
Whiteboard Select the user the from which to Select Refresh to the user Select You the from the selected topic: Whiteboard Related references The Whiteboard You as or and the location or where to Press the the or or the the Select the location where to then OK You the following: To the text The on-screen appears. the to then OK
With Select the location where to the selecting the Location field. USB or Network location and to the then OK If the whiteboard, Distribute to to temporarily the and through the Select the If choose PDF or EWF Whiteboard Format), the and If choose EWF, the and editing. Select of the following to the the whiteboard PDF or EWF only) to the whiteboard Selection to of the the to the of PDF or EWF only). ready, topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard displayed the whiteboard You through with the or (BrightLink to and or The the of the shown To its thumbnail. To through the to to the or to to the
Whiteboard of the following as necessary: To the New and this appears as the thumbnail the To the the The appears the displayed. To the the To the of the and thumbnail three seconds, then the thumbnail to the location. topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard You directly from the to (USB or You including numbers, and and of the command from the Press the the or or the the Select the of and whether to or Select of the following to the the whiteboard to only the whiteboard Selection to selected the the to the of To Advanced
You the following: Select of the following to choose USB and Network to choose the the or A4) to reduced of to around each to the each to the and each to when to both of the ready,
Whiteboard or printed. topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard If directly from the from the the Whiteboard function the to options. Select the the You the following: To the the the text The appears. the to the and OK Select the to another You to If the to to
the Whiteboard the on-screen to the that to appear the the on-screen to the Select the If choose PDF or EWF Whiteboard Format), the and Select of the following to the the whiteboard PDF or EWF only) to the whiteboard Selection to of PDF or EWF only). the the boxes to the of ready, or topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard Related Selecting Whiteboard Creating Follow the instructions these sections to the whiteboard with other and computers. Starting Shared Whiteboard Connecting to Shared Whiteboard from or Other Browsers Whiteboard Connecting to Shared Whiteboard from topic: Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard
Starting Shared Whiteboard You the whiteboard with to the SSID, including other that whiteboard computers, and other to the whiteboard, the and TCP If SSL, Press the Whiteboard the or or the whiteboard the The displays the whiteboard. Select the the displayed. Select with this whiteboard You the PIN
to the whiteboard, the PIN If to own PIN the PIN and the whiteboard, the PIN the whiteboard Select the To connected users, the the You the Shared Whiteboard Select of the following as the to to connecting to the whiteboard: Connected and the whiteboard Connected the shared Connected creating The displays information about the shared whiteboard Network information
Connecting to Shared Whiteboard from or Other Browsers Whiteboard Select Stop this whiteboard to the whiteboard Select topic: the Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard Related Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wired Network You to whiteboard from or the browser. You and the whiteboard from connected or Select the the of the whiteboard to the IP and PIN the whiteboard. On the or other the whiteboard IP this projector_ip_address You to PIN the PIN and You the whiteboard and or topic: the Whiteboard You to whiteboard the of connected or than XGA OS to or to
of connected or OS or to aspect to aspect and SSL topic: the Whiteboard connected through the whiteboard allow to interact with the whiteboard. The the selected. the whiteboard as PDF or PNG the whiteboard when Distribute to the when to the connected the the whiteboard and connected the of the the the whiteboard Selects to aspect
Selects highlighter Selects to the Selects the and OK to partially Selects or Selects the thickness the or Selects the of the selected or the whiteboard and than the whiteboard* Selects background the whiteboard which whiteboard displayed the shared whiteboard On the with the connected whiteboard. the the reflected the whiteboard. that from the whiteboard. You only that displayed the shared whiteboard. the of the edited and them
Connecting to Shared Whiteboard from Creates whiteboard JPG or PNG, with to topic: the Whiteboard You another the to that its whiteboard. Press the Whiteboard the or or the whiteboard the The displays the whiteboard. Press the the The displays the Shared Whiteboard Select to the shared whiteboard The displays the Shared Whiteboard
(PC Projected the IP and PIN the to To the the the arrow to the field. Press the Both the shared whiteboard To from the shared whiteboard, the the and topic: the Whiteboard Related The Whiteboard from or other and to You easily switch and or the with annotations. You the to the the The The topic: the Interactive You from or other and to using the interactive or (BrightLink You both the or of and (BrightLink from connected or the board or with the interactive or (BrightLink the the
You the the and the the of the To the to the other of the the arrow the of the You the or (BrightLink to the arrow or to the To switch to of the other interactive of the following: To switch to whiteboard the Whiteboard To switch to PC Interactive then You the the to switch To the the the of the If to the the the of the
the To or the the arrow. topic: (PC Related references The The Related or From and With You both the from connected Turn of the and or the You the and the the
To the to the other of the the arrow. You the to the arrow or To switch to of the other of the following: To switch to whiteboard the Whiteboard To switch to interactive then To the the the of the If to the the the of the To or the the arrow. topic: (PC Related Whiteboard BrightLink With (PC
The The and write The easily switch to whiteboard or interactive Switch to (PC annotation) Switch to whiteboard the
the and or free-form with highlighter or free-form with highlighter Black thick right) thick right) thick right) (thin thick right) Clear the each the Switch Select then to switch to interactive (PC interactive). Select then to switch back to (PC topic: (PC
The You the to of the as the the Select the of the following to the necessary: Press and the to around the Select the to the Select the to the the to to the topic: (PC The the and or the Switch to whiteboard to the the the Select input the whiteboard
and Touch the to the and sound. the and the the to to or topic: (PC Related You the directly from the to (USB or networked). the from the Press the the or or the the Select the of ready, the the the Whiteboard topic: (PC Related Selecting Whiteboard
the You as the location the Press the the or or the the You Select and automatically. topic: (PC Related Selecting Whiteboard You the and from the You and interact with both Press the the or the the The reduced and appears the of the Press the Source Select the
You this: Select the to Not of If to write Unused the selected the Background The option background. You the the and the Source option to the Press the Switch Source to the of the following as necessary: To to the the and Source or the Select Source the To the right the the and Right the to PC
To PC interactive the right the the and Right the to PC Interactive If USB1 or USB2 as PC interactive To the and right the the and To the the Screen and or Right To to the the or the Screen the The following operations Switching aspect Operations the the Iris Light Processing the whiteboard) topic: the Interactive
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network ECO Information Info You the to the that The displays the the
Press the the or You the the
Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the using the the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the Related Quality Network Network ECO Information Info
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that the of the of and Varying or the Brightness Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Varying the sharpness or Sharpness of
High the High tints the and tints the Advanced options the and of the Iris the based the Normal when High selected; High correction fast- The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related Related Turning On Iris the
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input the option Normal Varying to Tracking
Varying to or right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving Reduction Reduces NR1 HDMI the to match the of the connected to Normal the HDMI input Expanded the NR2 graphics, and Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright Expanded normally from selected the too
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- height the selected input the ratio to the or Processing speed/quality topic: the Related Aspect Ratio Related Aspect Ratios Related the Aspect Ratio RGB corrects corrects
the features. H/V to and Corner vertically) or off Varying the of the Varying the of the H/V manually and Corner to and on-screen
locking to the buttons buttons the Three the of the Varying the of or Remote Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers Rear Assigns option to the the Info one-touch Closed Caption buttons
Selects options the selected type the to topic: the Related Correcting with the Correcting with Corner the the Unlocking the selects the type of or to and as displays to focusing and the and correcting
the that its operation. Interactive Function Easy Interactive Function the interactive
Unit Select the Touch Unit (BrightLink displays reference to the Touch of the Touch Unit PC Selects the the interactive PC Interactive PC the without software or PC On Turns the and off; when to On the follows the as the and around the Touch Unit Touch operations PC Interactive operates or interactive from the the interactive or (BrightLink
Advanced of Selects interactive features of of of Wired and Wired Function features of the Confirm Clear Screen the Function the to as PC Interactive Interactive Function Users/Mouse the operation and of the (BrightLink One User/Mouse interactive One Users/Mouse or One User/Mouse the interactive as Selects the operating operations (BrightLink XP or earlier OS X, or or Confirm Clear clearing of the choose to One the and
Right Click On or (BrightLink as right-click operation when using Advanced Select and options Right Click or Click to the Other Whiteboard whiteboard Select or as the option
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the CC1 type CC2 Creates that the displays to and security Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned whether the the and of the interactive where the the
Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Rear Direct On Selects operation options Rear High Direct On the without Source Search the On High the operating Source Search the that input when the turned On the turning connected to the
A/V A/V Selects the following when the (turned off): HDMI1 A/V The On HDMI2 the and while when to Communication On Selects the input when from the and USB-A HDMI1 and HDMI2 Selects which when from the HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI the
USB Interactive Function Selects what when to the USB Interactive USB-B Function Interactive Function the interactive or (BrightLink with the and and actions Selects the and displays option) topic: the Related Related and Complete USB Interactive Function through the USB and the interactive or (BrightLink with Wireless the wireless and through the USB (interactivity
Network Network Related Connecting to or USB Turning On the Selecting the the the Projection the Scheduled Editing Selecting Whiteboard and Selecting Whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard Selecting Whiteboard the Network information and the and
Info LAN wireless and Wireless LAN Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related references Wireless LAN Related Selecting Wired Network Selecting Wireless Network Manually SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
ECO the ECO to power-saving appears to the Selects the brightness of the Normal the to ECO the and the accordingly Light On to Normal the brightness based the this option each Normal ECO reduces and and and
On Automatically the of inactivity to the A/V On off the A/V On this to allow the following operations to Communication when the ECO On the of the to the power-saving when the brightness topic: the Related Specifications and the and to (A/V to On
Information Info You information about the and input the Info the Select to the firmware Select Info to the below. the input The hours the least hours. Information item Hours the of hours the Normal and ECO the information Source the of the to which the input the input of the input the of the input the of the input
ID Information item Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service technician the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then Unstable the and to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE
ID and occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network Projection and restarting If that the 089A The EAP authentication type match the the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089B EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089C EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089D the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 0B01 The internal correctly. Select the Whiteboard Turn off the and the cord, then the and the back If that the 0BFF occurred the whiteboard function. the topic: Information Info
You of the to their using the option the You the to when the the option. You the following the option: Network items Hours topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and and clean the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries, and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Projection Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the Interactive the Interactive topic: and the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the To cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or the topic: Related Turning the Clean the red) or to that with the To or the with lens-cleaning To lint-free cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire.
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and or the topic: Related Turning the cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: Related Turning the to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to them.
Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the the front of the (the with the to If to or the the
the the back the as shown. the cover. topic: and Related Turning the You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted the or Turn off the and the cord.
the cover and the cover.
the of the of to
the the as shown. the cover. topic: and Related Turning the The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the
the topic: the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool it to You the while the mounted the or Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. Warning: If the the chamber. to If the mounted the or to the the the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover.
off the cover. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the the If it easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
Tighten the screws to the the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the
the the to to of the topic: Related Turning the the You the the to clear the and to track of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the
the Remote topic: The AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If it them immediately to injury.
the Interactive the with the and facing as shown. the and it clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Each AA or rechargeable battery. the as as
the the light flashes as the switch. the the light only the type of specified this the cover as shown. the battery. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
the Interactive the and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: If the become or correctly, them. off the of the to
Transporting the the topic: The of which Follow these to or the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around it and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the
the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Interactive Network Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The this If of these technical topic: Related Light
Light The lights the the and when the and of the lights and the light light light light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. the light flashing, the
light light light light and or Flashing overheated and turned off. turned off to cool about the following: Flashing Flashing Flashing the to using the Network The and the that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
the light light light light and Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris Turn the off, and Flashing (ballast). Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the displayed: the Clean the If the the off, and
or Sound Appears the and arrow buttons to highlight the to You the arrow Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: If appears, the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the
Incorrect the USB Function the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Related Unlocking the Selecting Source If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the Source Search the or and USB the USB software correctly. manually necessary. the USB the to of the USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications the to with reduce the from from off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the layered the USB topic: or Sound
Appears From PC Related references Related Selecting Source If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related Selecting Source Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the try the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.)
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related If only appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the
the Not the or Static the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related references Related the Aspect Ratio and of If the the following If the mounted the or directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height using the the buttons the to the (BrightLink the Corner or to the Corner and and topic: or Sound Related Correcting with the Correcting with Corner If the to interference or try the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI
the or Blurry the the to they match the Select and refresh that with the topic: or Sound Related references Supported Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If the or the following the the cover To the the from the to the enough to the and directly front of the the that the the Sharpness to quality. If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Focusing the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected connecting shorter If using the ECO selecting Normal the the enough to the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound Related Quality ECO Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the
or Remote to or Shut-Off the the and If hear sound from HDMI the to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to when the off, the option to Communication On and the A/V option to On If to connected when the off, the option to A/V If turn the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound Related ECO Related the and Sound Temporarily the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to the Source Changed topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to
to with the The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to turn the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following Check that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from
to the Source Changed Interactive topic: or Remote Related Related the If or try the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Related Security If the the scanning, or the and These to and the processing. topic: or the these sections the interactive Occurred the Interactive Function" Appears the Interactive Work the Interactive Not Not Work the Interactive or to the Interactive Interference or Unwanted Effects
Occurred the Interactive Function" Appears the Interactive Not Work Touch Interactivity Not Work With or Scanning Appear Microsoft Office the Not Work Network or the Not Appear the Incorrect Whiteboard topic: If the occurred the Interactive Function" appears, topic: Interactive If the interactive try the following The off to them off. the or the power/function to the back covering the section the of the nothing the the and the interactive the holding the that the the cover to from the the enough the battery. If from the USB connected to the and the lights and off lights. the and sunlight or other of bright lights from around the or If the or to the interactive the and free from there interference from or microphones. the USB option the to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function
the Interactive Not the recalibrating. If from the enough or the to the and correctly the Interactive Function options the If the the of Interactive Function Advanced the topic: Interactive Related the Interactive the Interactive If the the as the the following the the cover to from the the If the the to the the the to the the should correct. PC Interactive the Advanced turn off and the to topic: Interactive Related Related Related the and of and Attaching the Cover
Not Work the Interactive or to the Interactive Interference or Unwanted Effects If manually, the following If the to the or automatically, or turn off bright lights the the too to the topic: Interactive If the to or too slowly, try the following operation, the to the the performance, to the VGA or HDMI and the USB interactivity. If to If USB to the USB If the Network Projection Operation performance instructions. topic: Interactive Related the If the causing interference or effects, try the following both the they approximately inches Turn off the when they the the of interactive to interference with the of from One to (BrightLink Turn off
Touch Interactivity Not Work With or Scanning topic: Interactive Related If interactivity (BrightLink the following the Touch Unit correctly and the properly connected. mount's If the light the Touch Unit the Touch Unit the Interactive Function option the and the to On the the Touch Unit. there (such as or trays) the Touch Unit's and the lights from around the or there interference from or microphones. and recalibrating. topic: Interactive Related Related the of the Touch Unit Touch Interactivity If and or or scanning, the following If of the using the If the or the the or If the protected. If appears around the shifted or resized. If or scanning, the of or other
Not Appear Microsoft Office USB or scanning, USB the USB-A and the USB-B the another USB connected the the and the USB or scanning, connecting USB and the than only or and the the the Whiteboard the topic: Interactive Related Supported Related Connecting to the If appear the Microsoft Office this the and the following Interactive Function BrightLink the of to One the to BrightLink the topic: Interactive Related
the Not Work Network or the Not Appear the Incorrect Whiteboard Network Wireless Authentication If the with or the appear the following If Network Projection software, then Interactive Also, the performance and If using the Wireless USB the the then Interactive Also, the performance and topic: Interactive If the incorrect internal whiteboard to the the topic: Interactive Related the these sections the Authentication You Access the Through the Network Not topic: If the wireless correct, authentication to the the the Security and the Network topic: Network Related
You Access the Through the Network Not Where to Network Network If to the through browser, the ID and which the ID, EPSONWEB (You the user ID.) the the the Network The to the the The user ID and topic: Network Related Networked If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. topic: Network Related Network Related Network If to technical services, the following
(U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic: Related Light
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Interactive Specifications Touch Unit Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of TFT active (WXGA) F=1.80 reproduction to Brightness Normal length: White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
Specifications with Iris and Normal ratio inches to inches aspect Projection inches to inches aspect Projection rear, ceiling-mounted, aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio to (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction USB One USB and USB interactivity USB One USB and USB input topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) (ECO One USB and
Remote Specifications Interactive Specifications Touch Unit Specifications Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications One AA inches inches the topic: Technical Specifications The Touch Unit with the BrightLink (Class Height: inches to about hours ECO to about hours inches Depth: inches
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications to ECO (Communication On) ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) to to F to C) feet to to F to C) to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+* UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV
Refresh SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input VGA SDTV SDTV
USB Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. XP Professional, OS and Edition, and PC Edition and and Professional, and and and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or
topic: Technical Specifications Related
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when disconnecting the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If using or least of the to allow You to clean the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where exposed to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as near heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C) of or or to F to C) higher Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the using or other This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. the interactive or the location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the from the interactive the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of
Restriction of FCC topic: Notices this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Telegraphy Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices The following acts prohibited the Wireless Telegraphy Act: and (including the Removing the of topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. TM and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL
the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to
other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of it free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the
You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection 2.You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following:
Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and customarily software or, with the information received as to the offer to (This only and received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this
If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally.
NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA.
information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
wcecompat-1.2 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the
that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the other to non-free greater of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library.
The and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered only its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of
You the whole of the to charge to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. 4.You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and customarily software
If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this However, that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the terms of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that
the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the with of the based the Library, with other facilities. This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such
You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or
distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what
Copyright (C) of author This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and owner of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!)
You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its accuracy, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If only distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software only the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely
It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, ATT, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. (Since the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of (only used)
GWT-Crypto GWT-Log terms as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works
include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You institute (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE
those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other
Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory:
Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (ATT
The author of this software M. Copyright ATT. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR ATT MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written representations about the of this software Copyright (C)
to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Moshier Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ
Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, accuracy, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using
Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following 1.Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc
Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. WPA The copyright of the WPA software and to as "WPA The this with the BSD as of the WPA The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of WPA WPA of of each which of the copyright to the "WPA as follows. Copyright Jouni and Rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MPEG-4 ASP:
With to offering MPEG-4 and/or the following THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO") AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES AND LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM. MPEG-4 AVC: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/ OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM WMV/WMA (Microsoft): This protected property rights of Microsoft. or of such of this prohibited without from Microsoft. VC-1 THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD ("VC-1 VIDEO") AND/OR VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM MIT This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT
terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. The following the MIT Copyright of should this where They themselves to the below. Copyright The Copyright Corporation Copyright Copyright Inc. Copyright of The Inc. Copyright Inc. Copyright Copyright Copyright AS Copyright Copyright NVIDIA Corporation Copyright
Copyright Copyright Corporation Copyright Copyright and/or its affiliates. rights Copyright Corporation. granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following copyright and this (including the included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP of of each which of the copyright to the TOPPERS/JSP as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN.
The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS owing to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS revised what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET
of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN
The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the of Copyright Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the ORGANIZATION the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the of Copyright Jonathan Wallace. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY JONATHAN WALLACE "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JONATHAN WALLACE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
The and the software and those of the authors and should as official or implied, of Jonathan Wallace. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the of Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgment: This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written This includes software written
SSLeay This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the of Copyright rights This SSL written The written as to with SSL. This and as as the following aheared to. The following apply to found this the RC4, RSA, DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright terms that the Copyright Young's, and as such Copyright the to If this Young should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related. If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgment: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The and terms publically or of this this and another including the GNU topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc.
CPD-41026R2 topic: Copyright Notice