BrightLink
BrightLink to the BrightLink
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The BrightLink include these features: interactive with or without with the Enhanced Interactive and BrightLink Touch-based interactivity as as users throw 87-inch (WXGA) from inches Easily mounted or (with the optional mount) fast, low-cost installations Can mounted vertically to interactive directly Reduced interference and Bright, high-resolution BrightLink to of light and of white (white light BrightLink to of brightness light and of white brightness (white light brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
Native of (WXGA) HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI or Plug-and-play USB and Wired and Optional wireless including and PC shows connected USB memory or VGA connecting microphone Projection from or with the wireless LAN and free (U.S.) or information and of ownership with and high-efficiency High ratio shorter ratio and Iris closed captioning with and Direct On and Network to to Product Additional Optional and Warranty and Information topic: Introduction to Related Locations
Additional Remote AA and AA each Battery charger with AA rechargeable USB VGA Touch Unit (BrightLink Protected and software CD software Interactive Function CD Touch Unit and the (BrightLink (BrightLink (BrightLink (BrightLink containing the mount included. topic: Related to the to the following To or A/V or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized
Optional and To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI To HDMI MHL, HDMI and MHL with To with from with or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort, or to the VGA to Apple topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP79) (BrightLink V13H010L79 (ELPLP80) (BrightLink V13H010L80 (ELPAF40) V13H134A40 Wireless LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 wireless USB (ELPAP09) V12H005M09 Promethean software V12HPSW001 SMART software V12HSSW020 mount V12H675020
Option or Table mount (ELPMB29) V12H516020 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-12 (ELPDC12) V12H594020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 (ELPCB02) V12H614020 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 Additional interactive (ELPN04A) V12H666010 Additional interactive (ELPN04B) V12H667010 of (ELPPS02) V12H668010 Interactive (ELPPE01) V12H590001 USB V12H525001 (ELPKC28) V12H005C28 On Wall ELPCK01 security ELPSL01 Touch Unit mount (BrightLink ELPPT05 90-inch whiteboard V12H468002 96-inch whiteboard V12H468001 VGA F3H982-06 VGA F3H982-10 ELPKC19 Height-adjustable throw V12H457008 to the and service topic:
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network Operation instructions only), the If this and the the service to fast. "Where to
Locations topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Interface Interactive and Touch Unit topic: Introduction to Remote
cover screws cover cover screw topic: Locations switch Security
Interface LAN light Interactive Remote Security cover topic: Locations Optional wireless LAN Computer1 USB-B Network LAN
Computer2 HDMI HDMI 1/MHL SYNC In/Out TCH the Touch Unit (BrightLink USB-A RS-232C Mic (microphone) topic: Locations
mount Security Wall mount topic: Locations
lights Source Search (searches connected (selects options) buttons the and and arrow information) buttons buttons and arrow topic: Locations Related Light
Interactive and Battery light Power/function optional or Battery cover
Mounting Security topic: Locations
through connected
Touch Unit through connected buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) Strap information) action) buttons (activates on-screen and wireless PC Interactive and PC (selects MHL (displays or functions the MHL LAN USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations The Unit with the BrightLink only.
On) cover TCH Security light
Rear topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to and the Cover the Remote the throw to or vertically (with mount) to interactive these as location: Follow the instructions the to the using the included mounting of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. If vertically or the mount (V12H516020) required. and topic: the You or the following
Mounted the or Mounted to interactive Wherever the to front of the topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or information and instructions, the You the Throw (U.S.) or
Aspect Ratio height from top recommended of to height plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio height from top of to plate height inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
and Attaching the height from top of to plate height inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio height from top of to plate height inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches topic: to to the cover. both of the cover screws (screwdriver included).
off the cover. To the cover, and the screws. topic: the You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary.
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and shows without USB (such as flash or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to Connecting of the topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to or USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to using USB This the interactive with You to the USB the through the USB that
USB interactive function. the performance, VGA or HDMI recommended. Turn the to USB-B the other to USB To USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then the that appears to the USB software. Select the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software only the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and You the to using VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the If choose the Computer2 to the the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI
Connecting to or USB the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI The the from the or to topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to or HDMI the to the USB the with Connecting the USB the to as wireless this the using the with the USB to USB-B the other to USB
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources If to the as wireless to the USB the You to to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related the Remote as If includes sound and to the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Connecting to Source
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to MHL-Compatible Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the quality. the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If smartphone or to the MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI 1/MHL connected charge when using MHL the MHL or to If using MHL to HDMI
Connecting to Source the other of the to the HDMI 1/MHL The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using optional to with the to or If these to the VGA to the
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source If choose the Computer2 to the the Tighten the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related references If to the using optional or A/V the with the to yellow the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using optional the to
Connecting to Source Sound the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the If the or Computer the to the using optional If to the HDMI the with the sound. the to the other of the to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to If connected the to using to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the If there the Computer1 the to You to the the and the using the interactive features displayed Interactive topic: Related Quality
Connecting to Connecting Microphone To the sound from the to You the the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Related references You microphone to the Mic to
Connecting to USB Devices USB If to output from the microphone when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the the microphone to the Mic Turn the microphone, necessary. topic: Related Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or connecting of these to USB or smartphone
Connecting USB or to the USB USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB USB these USB Class-compliant USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their own AC recommended) with You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics PC You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB-A shown
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics PC You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the turn off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You to to the of the following to the to the DC-06 the USB that with the and to the to the USB-A and to the USB the DC-11 to the or and to the the the the DC-12 to the HDMI or and to the the the
Connecting of the the DC-20 to the HDMI or and to the the the features software, to instead of the the topic: Related references Optional and If the interactive of of the the to the To this, the optional (V12H005C28) to the SYNC each
of the to the SYNC and the other to the SYNC the other If connecting three or the as shown. the the of to Wired If the the as another that the Wired to the If the optional the of the to topic: Related Quality
the The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and batteries. the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Each AA battery. the cover as shown.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to To the interactive with to the USB through the Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and and the as the software from the Software CD or the software as necessary. the following software and to and Network software the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of users the PC Projection instructions. Network software only) allows to wired LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network If LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the using the Network software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network Related Network Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN
Turn the Press the the Network and Select Network and the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the EPSONWEB security to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, turn the DHCP
Wireless Network Projection If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the displayed the arrow the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless To this, the wireless LAN and then and wireless projection. The wireless LAN included with If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly the Network Projection software. There to the to wireless the optional USB only) the manually the Network the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless software wireless the Network instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC software allows to interactive the of users the PC instructions.
the Wireless LAN Projection from or with the wireless LAN and free (U.S.) or information. the Wireless LAN Only) Selecting Wireless Manually Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network Related Optional and Network Network To the wireless the wireless the other type of wireless the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or The wireless LAN included with Turn off the and the cord.
Unscrew and the cover attached (screwdriver included). the wireless LAN the shown
Wireless Only) the cover and the screws. and the topic: Wireless Network You the USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when The Wireless USB included with Turn the the USB to the USB-A You that the information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the instructions to the Wireless If to the firewall.
Selecting Wireless Network Manually displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network from wireless the the its Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters using the to characters the the user EPSONWEB security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the Wireless LAN and the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection LAN On wireless LAN
Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Network Manually LAN the IP and Gateway as to or the optional Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless network
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network Projection to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WEP WPA with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Wireless Security Select the Security and Select the security as to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security WPA2-PSK and WPA Selects the type of security Passphrase from to WPA or WPA2-PSK security, topic: Wireless Network Security the wireless network characters selects the the
Network You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters
Network SNMP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software network they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, using to each field. these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. If connecting to the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the using the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network
Once connected to and This the remotely. The and Microsoft or and that You of the or using browser. If to Communication On to and the the turned connected to the the IP the and the You the You to the If and (The EPSONWEB and the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option.
You this: Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network
Related If using the and the and using You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and and connected to the If wirelessly, the the Advanced If to the when the turned off, to the the ECO Press the Select the Network and Network and
Select the Others and the to On to allow the to detected. the Broadcast the software. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Related Once to and using connected to the the IP the browser's and the
You this the input that to the Sources You through the and arrows the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the Shape the with the and the Focusing the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the PC Turn the or to the the
the to the the With Direct On turned the as as The light This that the Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and
Turning the If right the following: Turn the or Press the Source Search the or to the Press the the the topic: turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness the A/V the To turn off the off the Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To it other The the off, and the light off. With there the right necessary).
Selecting the the To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing. topic: Related If to the and another the Turn the Press the
Correcting with the the and Select the and the to and Press or to the topic: You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the interactive the without Correcting with the Correcting with Corner topic: You the correction to the of that the
interactive the of and correction than Turn the and You to the using the You the the the the assigned to this Press of these buttons the to the
Press the to the The buttons and correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the using the the topic:
Correcting with Corner Related You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this Press the button. Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then
the with the and You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Shape Turn the and To the the the To reduce the the
the the the the If the of reach, the with the using the the topic: Related references Related the You the to the without the This the option to the Turn the and the the and buttons.
Focusing the the the displayed automatically. the arrow buttons the or to the You the to the topic: Related Turn the and You to the using the the switch to the cover the of the
Remote or the to the topic: Related The the from anywhere the to You the or board, or the front or back of the
that the the receivers within the the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as the Remote as topic:
the Remote as You the as wireless from the This the as the interactive If to the as wireless to the USB the the to the USB-B or HDMI to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote
the Remote as Selecting Source Related Connecting to or USB You the as to information the The arrow, using the Press the the the arrow the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Operation Related references If to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other.
the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the button the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI
Projection the the Remote USB and Network (LAN) topic: the to the correctly. the top-to-bottom to from or mount. This should when mount the to interactive from front of the Rear/Upside the top-to-bottom and to from the or and Rear the to from The Rear with the interactive You the the or the the the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and
the Projection the the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the Select the and
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio Select the and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related Quality You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the
Aspect Ratios To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to using the of the the aspect using the width of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the
the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright
Turning On Iris Theatre Sports bright bright displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the the and
the with the PC Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You PC whenever USB that or This and easily and them the You of the
Supported PC PC Starting PC Starting PC PC topic: Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the PC that FAT16/32. If from formatting the instead. You to the security features USB with PC features. type the the the the the CMYK Highly Animated with other than PCM or ADPCM
Starting PC topic: Projecting PC USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and
Starting PC of the following: To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the topic: PC connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the To playback, the highlight and topic: PC
PC You these options when the PC Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly
Effect Transitions with Transitions with of topic: Projecting PC
the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Creating to You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V topic: You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that
and of You action the interactive Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the You the interactive Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to
Security Security Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Selecting Security to the to
topic: Security To security, the the about seconds this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted."
Selecting Security Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the the appears. To of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security
to the If and On Protection to whenever the You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed.
to If incorrect the displays and to Support. Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and
Select the and You to the displayed as and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor and
the You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and it to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the
Unlocking the Security Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the to Security from
Creating to the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security You to the and then as to when the This the the to as the from connected or
Press the the and Select the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the topic: Related
the Interactive Interactive the Projected as Whiteboard (Whiteboard Follow the instructions these sections to interactive features. Interactive the Interactive Interactivity BrightLink With and BrightLink Without The BrightLink interactive features interactive whiteboard, with or without These interactive whiteboard or both interactive or (BrightLink to write the "whiteboard" without connecting (PC from or other PC Interactive the interactive or (BrightLink as to select, and through from It's easy to interactive and You the Interactive software to interactive features, such as and them. the Interactive instructions. the as Whiteboard (Whiteboard from (PC Interactive topic: the Interactive You the interactive or (BrightLink to write or the as would chalkboard or board. You both the or of and (BrightLink
or the or with the interactive or (BrightLink Then, the whiteboard the You the whiteboard with the the and the the of the To the to the other of the the arrow the of the You the or (BrightLink to the arrow or to the To the the the of the If to the the the of the
To or the the arrow. You or the from the topic: Interactive You from or other and to the interactive or (BrightLink You both the or of and (BrightLink from connected or the or with the interactive or (BrightLink Then, the the You the the and the the of the
from Projected (PC Interactive To the to the other of the the arrow the of the You the or (BrightLink to the arrow or to the To switch to of the other interactive of the following: To switch to whiteboard the Whiteboard To switch to PC Interactive then You the the to switch To the the the of the If to the the the of the To or the the arrow. topic: Interactive You select, and interact with from the using the interactive or (BrightLink as would OS to the Interactive PC Interactive to (U.S.) or and the to USB Turn and
Press the the the and the Select the USB and the Select of the following: Interactive Function to PC Interactive USB Interactive Function to PC Interactive and USB
Select the Interactive Function and the Select of the following as the the operating XP or earlier and OS Press the the then the to the or the board or the with the interactive or (BrightLink The displayed the Select the then the You the the interactive or (BrightLink PC Interactive topic: Interactive
PC Interactive the Interactive the to PC Interactive and Interactive Interactive and to Interactive XP Professional, OS Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and CPU or (Core2 PC G4 or or recommended) (Core or recommended) Memory 512MB or (1G or recommended) 100MB or and or topic: from Projected (PC Interactive Follow the instructions these sections to the interactive the topic: the Interactive
the with and the the of the You or both the of each with Interactive the The off of inactivity. the or the the to the back Battery light Power/function optional or Battery cover To the the or the power/function button. If the the light flashes then off. If the the light flashes continuously.
performance, the to the board, as shown below. cover the section the of the To write or the or whiteboard the following: To such as the with the To the the with the and as necessary. To the the without touching To switch the from to and the power/function the
To the as PC Interactive the following: To left-click, the with the To To right-click, the power/function the To and and with the To the the board without touching If to the off the Interactive Function the topic: the Interactive Related Related the the of the with the location of You to the first interactive features. to the (BrightLink If positioning of the following, Performing correction the
the the from the while Automatically Manually topic: the Interactive You the or You the the or the the as Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and and the necessary. Press to appears then and the calibrated. If that to manually.
Manually The location and should match If to manually. topic: Related Manually Focusing the If the location and match manually. Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and Select and the necessary. Press to flashing appears the of the of the with the of the
The and another below the first
the the of the Touch the of the then to the of the the appears the top of the the and the interactive to the the If the the to back to the To the process, and the seconds. of the topic:
Interactivity Touch Unit Instructions Related Focusing the Automatically You to the functions as the interactive when the Touch Unit (BrightLink the instructions the Touch Unit and interactivity. Touch Unit Instructions Touch Interactivity Operations topic: the Interactive The Touch Unit interactivity with (BrightLink to other or built-in, high-power from the the back of the Touch Unit.
Follow these when the Touch Unit and interactivity: Children using interactivity should or the Unit. the the back of the Touch Unit. The should when allow the light from the Touch Unit to through or reflected such as or This or fire. the light from the Unit using such as or within inches of the This the from the outlet and repairs to service with the Touch Unit. The Unit Class that with IEC/EN60825-1:2007. The indicating the Class and located the following the Touch Unit:
Touch Interactivity topic: Interactivity the of with the location of the (BrightLink the interactivity. Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and Select Unit and
Select Touch and The following appears: the necessary. Press to flashing appears the of
Touch and the of the with the and another appears, then release The and another below the first the the of the with the of the and the interactive to the the Touch the of the with and of the
Touch Operations to the of the appears the top of If the the to back to the previous To the process, and the seconds. If the location and match, these to topic: Touch Interactivity Related Focusing the Automatically Manually You to interact with the as interactive (BrightLink You or or both the operations with and whiteboard the Touch Unit as the the the of the Touch Unit as the
interactivity. Turn This the Touch Unit also. The light the Touch Unit To write or the or whiteboard the following: To such as the with To the the with and as necessary.
To as PC Interactive the following: To left-click, the board with To with To right-click, the board with about seconds. To and and item with To the If operating these the following: To or item and from each other or each other To the with and hand. To or or or or operations correctly with or or wearing If too together or crossed, or touches the operating topic: Touch Interactivity Related Touch Unit Instructions Related Touch Interactivity Automatically Manually
BrightLink With the You to the and the software from the CD Software Interactive Function." You then the following: the or (BrightLink as to the Interactive software to with both or of and (BrightLink the the Interactive information. and annotations the PC input or Microsoft Office the Interactive topic: the Interactive If or the the operation to match If that the incorrect when PC Interactive the manually.
Press the the and Select the Interactive Function and
the to PC Interactive Select Advanced the PC Interactive section and
Interactive Select and You this Press to The the top corner. the the top of the the of the with the interactive The the right corner. the the right of the the of the with the interactive topic: BrightLink With with CD containing the Interactive software with Interactive interactive as to select, and interact with from These (interactive) displays the the and the as to applications, and You whatever from (using both the Whiteboard of or background and the to write or the background. You from or whiteboard people the the instructions the Interactive software, the Interactive
and and topic: BrightLink With If or the input and to input and to You these features when the interactive to the Network Projection instructions and and topic: the Interactive To the input and or to the operation Press the the and
the Interactive Function and Select Operation and Select of the following: One (BrightLink or when (BrightLink this
and when input (BrightLink topic: and If or handwritten input to and to If Microsoft Office or the function to handwritten to Word or Option the of Microsoft Office. To the Touch right-click or tap-and-hold the then Select the the and the To the PC input or PC PC You write the using the interactive or (BrightLink and from of options to and the To annotations Microsoft Office applications, the and Microsoft Word or the and
BrightLink Without PC To Slideshow the the of the interactive or the with about seconds, and from the This XP PC Edition. information about these features, topic: and You the or (BrightLink to write or the without (PC This from DVD or other These displays the built-in whatever from or other Whiteboard white or or of background and the to write or as or board. PC Without the Whiteboard and the topic: the Interactive You with the built-in both the (BrightLink or of both and (BrightLink Press of the Source buttons the to the the to If to another To the the with the or (BrightLink You arrow the and right of the
Without The arrows they used. To them reappear, the with the or (BrightLink To the of the arrows. You the or (BrightLink to the arrows or To the the the of the If to the the the of the topic: BrightLink Without The built-in the and functions than Interactive with the built-in If to to the and Interactive
the following the shown the and the whiteboard the right: Switch to Switch to whiteboard the the Select white or background or of (whiteboard only) and or free-form with
the Whiteboard highlighter or free-form with highlighter Black thick right) thick right) thick right) (thin thick right) Clear annotations the each the topic: BrightLink Without whiteboard or background, and then write or as would chalkboard or board. Select the Whiteboard the built-in You white background. If to the background, the following: Select the Background Select background or of Select the right arrow to the selection
and the of the following to write or the background. To the To clear the whole the Clear topic: BrightLink Without the or highlighter and You the Red, or the and the the of the thin or the the right thick users the using and each operations BrightLink users the and Select the arrow to the or Highlighter the the and Select the right arrow to the selection topic: BrightLink Without The the with or (BrightLink595Wi) from the as would the If connected to the PC Projection or iProjection, the to the from which to
Turn off the the (To the the arrow the of the and of the Turn off the and sound action Decrease the Increase the the Selecting Network from the topic: BrightLink Without Related Turning On the
Selecting Network from the the with the Starting PC the with the and Selecting Source If connected to the to from to of those using the You the from that PC and smartphones or that iProjection. Select the the appears. Select the option. You of
Select the the from which to Select You the selected topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network ECO Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the the Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the the the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of and
Varying the the red, and higher the each the of the Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related references Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input
You the of the Position Tracking and pressing the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction Reduces NR1 Normal fast-moving NR2 graphics, and
HDMI the to match the of the connected to Normal the HDMI input the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- Expanded the height the selected input Expanded normally from selected the too Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright RGB corrects corrects
the ratio to the or Processing speed/quality topic: the the features.
H/V to and Corner vertically) Varying the of the Varying the of the locking to the Three the of the Varying the of or Mic Varying the of the when connected microphone Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers buttons Rear H/V manually and Corner to and buttons the
Assigns option to the the Info one-touch Selects options topic: the Closed Caption Mic the selected type the to selects the type of or to and as displays to focusing and the and correcting
the that its operation. Interactive Function Interactive Function and operations
Touch Unit Selects the Touch (BrightLink PC Selects the the interactive PC Interactive On the and off; when to On the follows the as the and around. displays reference to Touch the of the Touch Unit the Touch Unit Touch operations
Advanced of Selects interactive features of PC Interactive Interactive Function Selects the operating operations Right Click On or (BrightLink as right-click when of of Wired and Wired Function features of the Confirm Clear the Function the to as when XP or earlier Confirm Clear clearing of the choose to when using OS X, or or when
Advanced operation and options Other assign Right Click or Click to the Select or as the option
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type (closed only Creates that the displays to and security Background whether the Screen A/V Background selects the or to when whether appears when the CC2 NTSC connected through the or A/V selects the or to when A/V turned whether the displayed the and of the interactive where the the
Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Direct On Selects options Rear Rear High Direct On turn the without Source Search the High the operating Source Search the that input when the the function of the Out/Computer2
A/V A/V Selects the following when the (turned off): HDMI1 A/V The On HDMI2 that the and while This only when to Communication On Selects the input when from the Computer1 Computer2 and USB-A HDMI1 and HDMI Selects which when from the HDMI and HDMI the
USB Interactive Function Selects what when to the USB Interactive USB-B Function Selects the and displays option) topic: the Related Automatically Manually Touch Interactivity Interactive Function Wireless the interactive with USB Interactive Function through the USB and the interactive with Wireless the wireless and through the USB (interactivity
Network Network the Network information and the and Info Wireless LAN wireless and DHCP IP MAC
ECO Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection the ECO to power-saving appears to the IP Gateway MAC
Normal Selects the of the ECO Light On to Normal the brightness based the this option each On the of inactivity to the A/V On Automatically off the A/V On this to allow the following operations to Communication when the Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and and the and to (A/V to On from microphone (A/V to On
Information Info ECO On the of the to the power-saving when the brightness topic: the You information about the and input the Info the the input The hours the least hours. Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed
ID Information item Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service technician the the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then
ID and Unstable the and try connecting to the the the Network Communication with disconnected. the Network The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then turn the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network Projection and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the to when the the Hours option. You the following the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to clean the and periodically, and the and to the from overheating to The only should the and and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Projection Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the Interactive the Interactive topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the To lint-free cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or the topic: Clean the red) periodically, or to that with the To or the with lens-cleaning To lint-free cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or the topic:
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to clean them. Turn off the and the cord.
the and the cover.
the of the the front of the (the with the to If to or the the
the back the as shown.
the cover and the latch. topic: and
the You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted the or Turn off the and the cord.
the and the cover.
the of the of to regulations.
the the as shown.
the cover and the latch. topic: and
the The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications Information Info the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to injury. You the while the mounted the or Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least Warning: If the the chamber. to If the mounted the or to the the
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. off the cover.
the screws the to the The screws the the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
the the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to the screws to the
the the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the
the Remote the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
the Interactive the and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Each AA or rechargeable battery. the as as the the light flashes as the switch. the the light only the type of specified this the cover as shown.
the Interactive the battery. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: If the become or correctly, them.
Transporting the off the of the to the topic: The of which Follow these to or the to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Interactive Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic:
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light light light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or
light light light light and Flashing the light flashing, the Flashing too Flashing overheated and turned off. off to cool about the following: that the and with or Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
light light light light and Flashing Flashing Flashing the to Flashing Flashing or Turn Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris Turn the off, Flashing (ballast). Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing Turn the If the lights the the off, and topic: Related the the off, and and off, and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to using the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound
Appears to Microphone topic: If appears, the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected If connected to the Out/Computer2 the to Computer2 Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from screen from using off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Unlocking the
Incorrect the USB Function Appears From PC If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB function, try the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. the USB the to of the USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the layered the USB topic: or Sound If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the the
the Not Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to the the or to the to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following If the mounted the or directly front of the of the facing squarely, the to the rather than the the Corner or to the Corner and and topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting Shape with the Correcting with Corner the
the or Static the or Blurry If the to interference or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the using the the Sharpness to If try projecting without to caused interference the If using the USB function, off the layered the USB topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From PC From If the or blurry, the following the the cover
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect To the the from the to the enough to the and directly front of the the that the the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from topic: or Sound If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected connecting shorter If the ECO selecting Normal the the enough to the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound Related Related
to Sound to Microphone Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM If the USB function, the from the the USB If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On and the A/V option to On the option to the If the immediately turning off, the cooling high momentarily and This topic: or Sound If there sound when microphone to the the following the microphone securely to the microphone, microphone. the Mic as the If to the microphone when the off, the option to Communication On
or to or Shut-Off topic: or Sound Related Related Connecting Microphone the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Related Light
to with the to Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If the another from topic: or Remote Related Optional and Remote If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote
Interactive Not Appears Occurred the Interactive Function" Appears the these sections the interactive Not Found" Appears Occurred the Interactive Function" Appears the Interactive Not Work Interactivity Not Work Not Work the Built-In (PC Not Work the Interactive the Interactive or to the Interactive Interference or Unwanted Effects topic: If the found" appears, the following the USB from the to and then reconnecting the If from the enough or the to If USB the try USB to the and topic: Interactive Related Related Connecting to USB and If the occurred the Interactive Function" appears, topic: Interactive
the Interactive Not Work Related Where to If the interactive the following The off to them off. the or the power/function to turn the back covering the section the of the nothing the the and the interactive the holding the that the the to from the the enough Press the the of the to the battery. If from the USB connected to the and the lights and off lights. the and sunlight or other of bright lights from around the or If the or to the interactive the clean and free from there interference from or microphones. the USB option the to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function the recalibrating. and correctly the Interactive Function options the topic: Interactive
Touch Interactivity Not Work Not Work the (PC Not Work If interactivity (BrightLink the following the Touch Unit correctly and the properly connected. If the light the Touch Unit the Touch Unit the Interactive Function option the and the to On the the Touch Unit. there (such as or trays) the Touch Unit's and the lights from around the or If double-clicking OS X, to the Preferences or and reduce the Double-Click there interference from or microphones. and recalibrating. topic: Interactive If manually, the following If the to the or automatically, or off bright lights the the too to the topic: Interactive If the without try the following the USB option the to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function Press of the Source the to the the to To Computer2 or another the recalibrating.
the Interactive Not the Interactive or to Press the the to PC Interactive and PC topic: Interactive If the the as the try the following the the cover to from the the operation If the the to the the the to the the should correct. PC Interactive the off and the to topic: Interactive If the to or too slowly, the following operation, the to the the performance, to the VGA or HDMI and the USB interactivity. If USB to the USB If double-clicking OS X, to the Preferences or and reduce the Double-Click If the Network Projection performance instructions. topic: Interactive
the Interactive Interference or Unwanted Effects Network Not Where to If the causing interference or effects, the following both the they approximately inches the the of interactive to interference with that nothing the to the topic: Interactive If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the network software the topic: Related Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Related Network Network If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with
to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Interactive Specifications Remote Specifications Touch Unit Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported Formats USB of Poly-silicon TFT active (WXGA) F= Brightness BrightLink length: to Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
ratio to with Iris and Normal to inches to Projection to inches to Projection or rear; or table-mounted (interactive features aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction USB-B One USB and USB or firmware USB-A One USB and USB input, wireless LAN or topic: Technical Specifications BrightLink Normal White light output (ISO light ECO White light (ISO (ECO
Specifications Interactive Specifications UHE High Efficiency) BrightLink BrightLink Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications One AA inches inches topic: Technical Specifications BrightLink Normal to about hours ECO to about hours BrightLink Normal to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications Touch Unit Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications The Touch Unit with the BrightLink only. (Class Height: inches topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC Width: inches Depth: inches to
BrightLink to V) BrightLink to V) topic: Technical Specifications Normal ECO (Communication On) BrightLink Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) BrightLink Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported to F to C) Humidity (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+* UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV
Refresh HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+* SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
USB Refresh HDTV only topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. XP Professional, OS and Edition, and PC Edition and and Professional, and and and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light or the The high of this burns, fire, or other the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If
the least inches of the and the the closed-in allow of to the the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as near heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy
the of the of to F to C) of or or to F to C) higher Doing and to or the where to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the anything that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. the from the interactive the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of
Restriction of FCC topic: Notices this high reliability/safety such as related to or functional/precision should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please own this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices The following acts the Wireless Telegraphy Act: and (including the Removing the of topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. BrightLink and TM and TM and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL
the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to
other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of software (and this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The terms and and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the Each as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the
You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. 2.You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of change. You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following:
with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the it associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this
If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally.
NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA.
information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library.
To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that it becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The terms and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to to third the terms of this
If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. 4.You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the
that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the (because of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to If such and and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the
library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based
Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation.
If to incorporate of the other whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option)
This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG
The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its accuracy, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software.
(Since arithmetic only the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of used) as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution."
"Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the contained within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of modifications, or such
Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the
that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that:
include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or of its including, to, and/or of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and only or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear
and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright
This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov
Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written
Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or representations the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Chuguev. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright
IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following 1.Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT
terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software TOPPERS/JSP which the and of the copyright to the TOPPERS/JSP The TOPPERS/JSP WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP terms of of each which of the copyright to the TOPPERS/JSP as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN.
The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software TINET" which the and of the copyright to the TINET The TINET WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET
terms of of each which of the copyright to the TINET as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of Technology, JAPAN
Copyright Notice The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-40467R2 topic: Copyright Notice