G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/ G6570WU/G6770WU/G6870/G6970WU
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The G6070W, G6170, G6270W, G6470WU, G6570WU, G6770WU, G6870, and G6970WU include these features: Bright, high-resolution G6070W: to of brightness (white light output and light G6170/G6270W: to of (white light and light G6470WU: to of brightness (white light and light G6570WU: to of (white light and light G6770WU/G6970WU: to of brightness (white light and light G6870: to of brightness (white light and light brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO G6070W/G6270W: Native of (WXGA) G6170/G6870: Native of (XGA) G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU: Native of (WUXGA) Wired and wireless and G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU)
Additional Optional and and screw included with the G6070WNL/G6170NL/G6270WNL/G6470WUNL/G6570WUNL/G6770WUNL/G6870NL/G6970WUNL included with the G6870/G6970WU topic: to the to the following To through its VGA to the BNC VGA-to-5-BNC or You purchase from or authorized To or A/V or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To or to-VGA or You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized and through the HDMI To DisplayPort DisplayPort To HDBaseT 100Base-TX LAN To SDI G6970WU), BNC To with from with or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort, or to Apple options. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or
offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP76) V13H010L76 (ELPAF43) V13H134A43 Wireless USB (ELPAP09; V12H005M09 G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) LAN (ELPAP07; V12H418P12 G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) HDBaseT (ELPHD01) V12H547020 Remote (ELPKC28) V12H005C28 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 Wireless IR (ELPST16) V12H007T16 3D ELPPL01 3D ELPGS02A 3D ELPGS02B Advanced mount with ELPMBPRG ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 round ELPMBP03 to to ELPMBC01 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA F3H982-06 VGA F3H982-10 VGA F3H982-25 HDMI AV22300-03
Warranty and Information Option or HDMI AV22300-06 HDMI AV22300-12 Short throw (ELPLU01) V12H004U01 Rear (ELPLR03) V12H004R03 (ELPLS07) V12H004S07 throw (ELPLM04) V12H004M04 throw (ELPLM05) V12H004M05 throw (ELPLL06) V12H004L06 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 ELPSP10 ELPSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Service EPPEXPB1 Service EPPEXPB2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic:
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU), the Network instructions only), the instructions to interactive G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU), the PC If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the
The G6970WU shown this noted otherwise. Rear Interface Remote topic: Introduction to
Rear release lights Wireless LAN light G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) cover cover cover topic: Locations Interface security
Interface AC input topic: Locations BNC RS-232C L-R DisplayPort
HDMI Network LAN SDI G6970WU) Service topic: Locations
foot Rear Screw cover Security Mounting Screw release topic: Locations Source Search (searches connected arrow and displays the (selects options and when RGB from the or BNC arrow and Right arrow and displays the Info A/V the and or off)
arrow and displays options topic: Locations Related Light
On off) Source buttons input buttons function the and when RGB from the or BNC Aspect (selects the aspect (displays action) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless (splits the buttons through when from buttons or and numbers) ID to buttons to ID switch or ID Remote to information) (when switches buttons to function) buttons and of the to their the and wireless A/V the and or off) (selects Search (searches connected
Light (lights the temporarily) light (lights when the Remote topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to Attaching and and Removing the and Removing the the Remote You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to anything that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear to least inches of front of the and and, when inches of the
If mount the to the within the following Within the of the If from the or from the rear, the and, necessary, the Inv Direction If the the Direction Selecting incorrect Direction the life. topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other
the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or
from the of the to the of the of G6170/G6870 Aspect Ratio or with Screen or inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches inches to to to to Top to
Aspect Ratio or with or inches to inches to inches inches to to inches to inches to inches to to G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU Aspect Ratio or Screen with or Projection inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches inches to to to to Top to to to Top to
Aspect Ratio or with or Projection inches to inches to inches inches to to inches to inches to inches inches to to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that DisplayPort, or HDMI projection, such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Computer Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDBaseT Connecting to Connecting to topic: the Related to to Top to
Connecting to Sources Connecting to VGA Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA Connecting to Computer HDMI and Connecting to Computer DisplayPort and Connecting to BNC Connecting to Sound topic: You the to VGA To that includes only or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound
Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to DisplayPort and If HDMI to the using optional HDMI To that includes or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI The the from the internal or to If hearing through the HDMI the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the HDMI the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Attaching and the If DisplayPort or DisplayPort to the using optional DisplayPort the DisplayPort to DisplayPort or DisplayPort
Connecting to BNC the other to the DisplayPort If hearing through the DisplayPort the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the DisplayPort the topic: Connecting to Sources Related You the to optional VGA-to-5-BNC the VGA to the BNC to the BNC topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources If includes sound and to the DisplayPort or HDMI sound through the G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). optional as If internal G6870/G6970WU), sound connecting to the the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the Computer or BNC topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to SDI Source Connecting to Source Sound topic:
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Component-to-BNC Source If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI The the from the internal or to If hearing through the HDMI the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the HDMI the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related and Removing the If it to the optional to with the to or If these to
Connecting to Source the BNC to the R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional to with the to or If using these to the VGA to the Tighten the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional the to output the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional or A/V the with the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to SDI Source Connecting to Source Sound Related Connecting to Source Sound If SDI to the optional BNC G6970WU). the BNC to SDI the other to the SDI topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). If internal G6870/G6970WU), sound to the If using the or BNC the to the using optional If the or the to the RCA If connected to the HDMI the with the sound. If connected to the SDI G6900WU), supported. the to
Connecting to HDBaseT of the following: the other of the to the that to the or BNC the and white the other of the to the L-R topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to To HDMI or RS-232C the to optional HDBaseT 100Base-TX This when to to or the from location, such as or to length. To STP or Turn off the and HDBaseT the and HDBaseT turned off when connecting or the of the to the the the other to the HDBaseT
Connecting to the that with the HDBaseT instructions connecting to or Turn the and HDBaseT To from the Ethernet and the On as the the Turning this the LAN RS-232C and Remote If connected XTP or switcher to the HDBaseT On as the XTP the topic: Related If connected to the or BNC to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On as the and On as the A/V the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the or BNC the to If the to the the RGB from the or BNC to
Connecting to topic: Related To the sound from the to You the the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the The built-in G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Related
and the Unit Follow the instructions these sections to or Attaching the Unit the Unit topic: the You to the the to the or to to or from the and lowering the to touching the with to or to the Turn the as shown If the facing of to or of to the too tightly. the to malfunction.
the with the white facing the straight the and clockwise hear
Removing the Unit the screw that with the or the and This the release and the from the to the option the topic: Attaching and Related the You the to with the only when to or from the and lowering the quality. touching the with to or to the the the
the screw the release Press and the release as the counterclockwise hear click. Gently the straight of the
Attaching and Removing the topic: Attaching and You the cover that with to the attached from the together or other provided). the cover the as shown, the through the notch the of the cover.
and the both cover screws. To the cover, both screws and the cover off of the topic: the You the that with to to the and HDMI The G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU with the and HDMI to the
the Remote the of the anchors the the and HDMI anchor the around the and HDMI them each the anchors and the the and HDMI as shown. To the the and the Then the of each anchor and them of the topic: the Related Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to HDMI Source The the AA that with the
the type of specified this of types, or and the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Wireless Network the Network SNMP Selecting Other Network Networked You to through wired G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). To this, the to and then and connecting and the as the software from the Software CD or the software as necessary. the following software and to and network projection: Network Projection software G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and Network software only) allows to wired LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and from or the free iProjection connected LAN to that includes wireless G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU]; epson.com/projectorapp (U.S.) or information.
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network Projection software G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network To the to (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to network switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network Projection from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the button.
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the Remote G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) or G6870/G6970WU) to characters the the EPSONWEB G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP
Wireless Network Projection If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the displayed the arrow buttons the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). To this, the optional wireless LAN and then and wireless If LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network Projection software without the the optional wireless the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of users the PC instructions. from or with the wireless LAN and free iProjection (U.S.) or information the Wireless LAN Wireless Only)
the Wireless LAN Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS WPA or EAP Security topic: the Network To the wireless the wireless LAN other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the
Only) the wireless LAN and the screw the cover. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related Optional and You the Wireless USB to to the wirelessly G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). Then and the when The Wireless USB included with and optional. the wireless LAN The wireless LAN included with and optional. Turn the Press the LAN the
You this: that SSID and IP displayed, then the wireless LAN from the the Wireless USB the the wireless LAN You that the information the USB the wireless LAN the
Selecting Wireless Network Manually the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If Firewall to the firewall this displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Network Projection Related Optional and from wireless the the its Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the the EPSONWEB security to to the the with The displays that from the Network Projection software or or the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the LAN and the the LAN as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless or or
LAN Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Wireless LAN On wireless LAN and off Protected To Select To to the WPS Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the connecting to Selects the type of wireless Advanced to or the optional Wireless USB to If the SSID to On the becomes easy to the created SSID On Turns SSID searching to when connecting to the to On when connecting with iProjection Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to Search Access To Search Search wireless Advanced selects the the wireless LAN SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the DHCP On DHCP assigns automatically; to to manually the IP and Gateway IP or the IP or the Gateway or the IP the gateway IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the
Selecting Wireless Network OS WPA or EAP Security of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network Projection to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Network the WPA or EAP security to match with the information. Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and WPA or EAP from the
Wireless Security Select the the security as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the Security Selects the type of security the wireless WPA2-PSK(AES) Passphrase from to WPA2-PSK and characters WPA/WPA2-PSK security, selects the the EAP PEAP WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects the PEAP-TLS authentication EAP-TLS WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA/WPA2-EAP LEAP (You to characters the To input than characters, browser. the the to iProjection.
to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, characters selects the user when using the PEAP-TLS or EAP- TLS EAP to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, characters selects the EAP authentication WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the Issued to and On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the when CA CA WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and CA (You to characters the To input than characters, browser. (You to characters the To input than characters,
the HTTP RADIUS On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the authentication RADIUS to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, characters selects the to of On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the topic: WPA or EAP Security Follow the instructions to the to security G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). You to once or the correctly. HTTP from topic: the Network You the HTTPS to increase security the and with To this, the and the HTTP the to the of the the and allows the from browser, about the when the from This topic: the
from You the the wireless LAN authentication. with the connected to the the IP the and the You the and to ID and the following information or lowercase exactly as shown: the ID, EPSONWEB (You the user ID.) the the (You the the Network Network the option and You this:
Click the the and the Click to the the Apply to and the topic: the You these of using the (PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS) Specification Format PKCS#12 PFX/P12 Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 to characters; Format DER/CER/PEM Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Encoding HTTP)
Network Specification Format PKCS#12 PFX/P12 Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Common Network Optional to characters; topic: from You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and of the following: Select the and Turn
G6870/G6970WU Select the and then and Turn G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU
Network the IP the SMTP option. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose or field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete or and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network
SNMP SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and of the following: Select the Others and G6870/G6970WU Select the and then the SNMP and
Selecting Other Network G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to community G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). You to characters. selecting Complete or and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network You other options. Press the button. Select the Network and Select Network and
of the following: the Others and G6870/G6970WU Select the and G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU
If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. the Broadcast the software. If or SDDP turn the SDDP to allow the to detected. If this to broadcasted the turn the Broadcasting the using the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete or and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and This the remotely. The and Microsoft or and that You of the or functions using browser. If to Communication On to and the the turned or connected to the the IP the and the You to the If and (The EPSONWEB and the
You the If from smartphone or with options displayed. Select to the Remote or to the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions. To remotely, the option. You this:
selection buttons A/V and Closed Source search the to the function to topic: the Network Related references If the and the and You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and using and connected to the
If to the when the turned off, to the the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others G6870/G6970WU) or the G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) and G6870/G6970WU
G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU the to On to allow the to detected. the Broadcasting the software. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and using connected to the the IP the browser's and the
You this Select the input that to the Sources You through using the and arrows the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the with the Focusing the the the the the the the Height Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the the and Turn the or to the the If the Source Search the the the input when
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the On the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and children and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or the Search the to the
Turning the topic: Related Turning On the turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the the If shutdown confirmation the the or the the (To the other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing topic:
Selecting the the the with the If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: Turn the and turning the the and You to the the
Focusing the the You to the the the To or reduce the the topic: Related Related Turn the and turning the the and You to the the You to the the the
Focusing the with the Optional Short Throw To the the Focusing the with the Optional Short Throw topic: Related Related If the optional throw (ELPLU01) and the option to the the the and Turn the and You to the the You to the using the the
the the counter-clockwise. to the throw when to the from shifting. the front of the with and the other to the the of the focused.
the the the of the focused. the to the If the of the of the to the topic: Focusing the the Related references Related You the the attached Turn the and Press the Select the and Select and Select and
the Screen You this and Press the to the topic: You the to match the aspect ratio of the displayed to the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select Screen You this aspect ratio and Press the to the
the the aspect ratio the necessary. topic: Related Aspect Ratio You the there the of the and the You the the to WXGA/WUXGA or XGA Turn the and Press the the and Select the arrow buttons the or to the of the finished, the button. topic: Related the
the the If the directly front of the the of the using the Follow these when to the height, the than where to and then the This the from the and their the turning the the and Turn the and the as shown to release the lock.
Turn the and the to the of the as necessary. You the within the shown below. You the to both the and G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU
G6170/G6870 of when the G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU) V G6170/G6870) with G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU) V G6170/G6870)
finished, the as shown to the topic: You to the without or The the Screen to the type with the Turn the Press the the or the arrow the
Press the or right arrow buttons the or the to through the the as necessary. Press the to the topic: You the following while the displayed. Correction Advanced RGB RGBCMY
the Height the Black G6870/G6970WU) topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and To the the front foot to or Brightness Edge
If the the rear to their height. If the to the topic: Related You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the You the Correction the Curved or Corner Wall G6870/G6970WU) Correcting with H/V Correcting with Corner Correcting Shape with Correction Correcting with Curved Correcting with Correction Correcting with Corner Wall topic:
Correcting with H/V You the H/V to the of that the the the the correctly Turn the and You to the the You to the the the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and Select the and Then You the
the arrow buttons the or the to and correction and to the as necessary. finished, correction, slightly topic: Related Related
Correcting with Corner You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the You to the the the Press the Select the and
Correcting with Correction Select the Correction and the Corner and Then You the Corner To the least seconds to and the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Related You the Correction to the or of the of G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU).
Turn the and You to the using the You to the the the Press the button. Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Correction and Then
You the Correction To the least seconds to and the arrow the or the to the or of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related references Related
Correcting with Curved You the Curved to the of G6870/G6970WU). the from the front of the with and with the The focused throughout the Turn the and You to the the You to the the the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Curved and If You this Select the Correct and
the arrow the or the to the to Then To the least seconds to and the arrow the to the If the the further that
Press the to to the Curved the three as to other areas. If the expands or with the to the linearity. Select of the following from the Curved Linearity or Linearity or Select to as and The selected flashes and white. the linearity of the following: Press the arrow to the the to the Press the right arrow to the the to the finished, If necessary, the of Curved Correction. topic:
Correcting with Correction Related Related Correcting with Correction You the Correction to the This that correctly. Turn the and You to the using the You to the the the Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Correction and If
You this Select the Correction and the of to and If to the of the the and the arrow buttons the or to to the the that to Then The from to
Correcting Shape with Corner Wall the arrow buttons to the You to or the and to the Press to to the and another to correct, necessary. finished, topic: Shape Related Related You the Corner Wall to the of with right such as or the of G6870/G6970WU). the from the front of the right-angled with the The focused throughout the If the optional throw (ELPLU01), to the Corner Wall
Turn the and You to the using the You to the the the Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Corner Wall and If
You this Select the Corner and Select of the following: Corner when the Corner when the vertically Press the to to the Corner Wall Select the Correct and
the and the option to the the where the (The of these Corner as the selected Corner the the Corner.) You to or the and to the
the arrow buttons the or the to the to Then corners, the top the lowest (indicated the arrow) as reference. the the highest (indicated the arrow) as reference. corners, the and right the the of the as reference
To the least seconds to and Press and the arrow buttons the or to the the previous as necessary to other areas. If the expands or with the to the linearity. Press the to to the Corner Wall Select the Linearity and the linearity the following as necessary: Press and the arrow to the the to the or top of the Press and the right arrow to the the to the right or of the finished, If necessary, the of Corner Wall Correction. topic:
Remote Related Related Correcting with Correction The the from anywhere the to You the front or of the that the the receivers within the
Selecting Source to the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. topic: Related the Remote If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source Search the or the Search the the from the
Press the the the BNC Network DisplayPort HDMI SDI G6970WU) HDBaseT topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and
the Projection the the Projection the the Projection the Remote the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the
Aspect Ratio Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related references Quality
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the to the the the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio Related the You the following aspect the selected Screen and the input from Black and or stretched aspect the aspect ratio and of input aspect or Normal, Native* or Normal, Native
aspect or Normal, Native when or from connected to the HDMI or HDBaseT Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the aspect ratio of the input aspect aspect the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the that the of the projected. Native as (aspect ratio and that the of the topic: Aspect Ratio Related the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris
the topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre displays
Turning On Iris DICOM SIM photographs and other Multi-Projection projecting from (reduces the tone only when RGB The DICOM SIM reference only and should to topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Iris Edge to On Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and
the with the the and Select the Iris and High Select Normal performance. You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the to the as with The buttons the internal G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You the and the
Press the button. Select the and Select the and the and You this: Select the and the to the and finished, topic:
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security 3D to Memory and Copying You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the stopped, this the The while A/V and the to Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V
Action Temporarily and of topic: Related You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the
Security Security the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to quickly. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the using the the or Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security using On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the
Protection from the or Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and
Selecting Security Press and the the and the to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the about seconds or the appears.
to the To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protection to whenever the You the to the
to Press and the the while the the buttons. The The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support. to the the and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the
Press the button, the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the
the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security You the buttons the to from the You the or the buttons the Press the
Unlocking the Security Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft.
Projecting the security the to lock. or purchase information. the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security Related Rear You the to from to each other. You the using the or the While the other features and to both You from the input both and right) of the You with input combinations.
Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the Screen option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the
To the the or button. topic: You the from or to The following options from each and the from each and the to
the ID Follow the instructions these sections to and from the of the From Scaling the Brightness the Edges the Black the Colors topic: You To this, to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the to each other. least inches of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID topic: If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select the Multi-Projection and
the Remote ID Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. the ID switch to On
the of the From the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. If know the ID, the ID and the to temporarily the ID the If the of the the ID to its topic: If to the of from the the You to the using the You to the the the the physical and to the the and features. turning the the and the using these Correction Corner Correction
Scaling topic: Related Related the the with the Correcting with Corner Correcting with Correction You the from and the to and them Press the Select the and Select the and You this Select the and On
Select the and of the following options: the aspect ratio as the the to the as the Select or of the following options and as necessary: or the and vertically the the vertically the Select the and the arrow to the and of each as the finished, the
the Brightness the Edges topic: with the that as bright as the the brightness the brightness of each match exactly. Turn the and the Select Normal the Select Multi-Projection or 3D 3D the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the Brightness and the G6470WU) Select Press to to the topic: Related Related You the Edge to from
Press the Select the and Select the and the Edge and You this Turn the Edge and If the the Colors Select the to and You this: Select the and On
Select the and the width of the the that the displayed the of the the Press to back to the Select the Curve G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) and the the off the and to the finished, the topic:
the Black the brightness and tone from the that You the Black to reduce this and noticeable G6870/G6970WU). You the when displayed. The and tone of the from the of the the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the Edge and
You this Select the Black and You this the Correction and
The to the displayed. The displayed the Top Edge Edge Right Edge Edge and the selected Correction Edge and selected the Correction this: the arrow to and the The selected
the arrow buttons to the to the of the To another the and the finished, the and when the to to the Black of the Top Edge Edge Right Edge or Edge the Black to its the and You this the brightness and tone of the that to match the that using the
Matching the Colors finished, the to topic: You match the of that to each other. or 3D 3D the Brightness and match exactly the below. Press the button. Select the and Select the Multi-Projection and Select the and You this Press to the and the the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the lighter to the the Brightness Correct. and the
3D to Memory and the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these to to and topic: Related optional and 3D to and 3D the instructions with the optional and the 3D from the and of the 3D topic: Related You each of and then the whenever to them. Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Memory and
You this Select of the following Memory with Memory to memory with memory that already indicated previously memory overwrites the with Memory the selected memory Memory memory Press to topic: You commands to and them as Press the Select the and
Scheduled Select the and The appears. the and Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the scheduled to finished, and To the Select and to Editing topic: You currently scheduled Press the Select the and Select the and You this: The the the following about the
Editing One-time Reoccurring on/off topic: You currently scheduled Press the Select the and Select the and You this: Press the or right arrow to highlight the the containing the scheduled to Press the or arrow to highlight the to and Select of the following: On/Off or the selected the the selected Clear the selected New scheduled
Copying finished, and Select and to To scheduled and topic: them to another of the Copy the the using the Correction the to the other If the to or other reason, incurred. The following Info items Network other than those the and Others to the covered this section, and to using the Network software. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and to USB From USB To From topic:
to USB You the to to USB G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). If the other the correctly. Turn off the and the from the the the wireless LAN the directly to the Press and the the or as the to the
From USB the and lights release the button. The lights to that to the the lights flashing, the light and the the or the while the lights flashing. This the Once the the topic: Copying Related Light to USB them to another of the G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU). the USB from another of the The If the other the correctly. to to Turn off the and the from the
the the wireless LAN the directly to the Press and the the or as the to the the and lights release the The lights to that to the the lights flashing, the light and the the or the while the lights flashing. This the
To Once the the topic: Copying Related Light You the to to G6870/G6970WU). of the following operating OS OS OS OS OS OS Turn off the and the from the USB to Service
From the other to USB Press and the the or as the to the the and lights release the The shows as the and the to Once the copied, of the following: the or Right-click the of as and OS X: the from the the The topic: Copying Related Light to them to another of the G6870/G6970WU). of the following operating OS
OS OS OS OS OS to to Turn off the and the from the USB to Service the other to USB Press and the the or as the to the
the and lights release the button. The shows as Copy the from to the other to the Once the copied, of the following: the or Right-click the of as and OS X: the from the the The and lights flashing to that the updated. the lights flashing, the light and the the while the lights flashing. This the topic: Copying Related Light
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the the Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that the of the of and Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the
Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of Varying the tone based Advanced options the and intensity of the Iris the based the brightness Normal when High selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On from RGB (when On)
the input from RGB Normal the Tracking Varying to from RGB Varying to or from RGB right the location the 3D 3D 3D when from whether to interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving Normal or allows to specify graphics, and
Smooths G6470WU/ and G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU Normal them High Reduction NR1 Processing to NR2 NR On the or artifacts around the of that caused the of MPEG Processing to the to match the of the Normal connected to the DisplayPort Expanded HDMI HDBaseT and SDI G6970WU) input the type from input connected to RGB RGB corrects corrects
the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- height the selected input options to the of the displayed each the ratio to the or Processing DisplayPort EQ the input the connected to the DisplayPort to reduce interference or other topic: the Related Aspect Ratios displays higher
the features.
Correction the Corner H/V manually Correction the of the and G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470 Corner to WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/) the of the four corners Correction Correction to Curved the or of the and G6870/G6970WU) Correction to and finely Corner Wall the Curved to G6870/G6970WU) the when Screen the and displays while to the options or to locking to the buttons buttons the Corner Wall to the when with right buttons
Normal Selects the of the Interlock Normal ECO Varying the of the Remote Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers Rear Assigns option to the and the one-touch to the the or right arrow buttons the or the to through the or to Memory Memory of to memory Memory Memory Memory Interlock the the surrounding too high operation ECO reduces and and and
topic: the the that its operation. the this topic Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type (closed only CC2 NTSC connected through the or Creates that the to and security
Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Rear Direction Varying Selects the the the the selected Operation the the topic A/V A/V Selects and A/V to and to when the turned to this Rear Select the to to when the when to selects from the or BNC which when the Selects to
Communication On this to allow the following operations to Communication when the HDBaseT Selects the to XTP HDBaseT or switcher and the network and to (A/V to On Communication from the HDBaseT to On or from the Ethernet and the turning this the LAN RS- 232C and Remote XTP turned off to this XTP to On when XTP or switcher to the
Brightness Select options when from G6470WU) Brightness the Edge brightness of the the to Normal to ID this operations to pre-scheduled Selects the and displays option) Selects the of the displayed the whether displayed the Edge the to the and brightness of each ID the to ID which allows to to individually
Background Selects the or to when whether appears when the A/V Selects the or to when A/V turned Confirmation the the Notice when the the aspect ratio and of the to the type of Corrects the Uniformity the tone Direct On the when Automatically the of inactivity to the the off turned High the operating
BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC (normally should off termination such as switchers necessary) Remote Normal Select Normal to the that with the or to and the that with the Inv Direction this the and to the arrow buttons the Source Search Automatically the when the A/V Release A/V Select A/V to the A/V to off A/V or to to off Turns or off the that sounds when the or off the the attached Select to the off or to the off
Network Network the and topic: the the Network information and the and
Info LAN wireless and G6070W/G6170/G6270W/ G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU SSID Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Wired Network Projection Network Projection DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP MAC
Information Info You information about the and input the Info the The hours the least hours. the input
Info the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, the information ID Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service technician the HDBaseT Quality the information from the HDBaseT
ID topic: the Related references Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then Unstable the and to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection 04FE The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FF occurred. Turn the off and then with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected.
ID and to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network Communication the Network Projection 089A The EAP authentication type match the the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089B EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089C EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089D topic: Information Info You of the to their using the option the
You the to when the using the option, or the and the Memory the Memory option. You the following using the option: Network items Uniformity topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and it from to Transporting the to its You to clean the and clean the and to the from overheating to The only should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the the topic:
Cleaning the You to the the following The or You to The light flashes Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the each of the to to off force when the or crack and become the or or to the or and the optics or other areas.
the front of the (the with the to If to or the the the back the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and
the Related Light You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the of to the the as shown and clicks the cover.
the topic: and Related Light Optional and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Light Optional and the the least hour the Warning: the cool to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour.
the screwdriver included with the to the screws the cover, and then the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury. the screws the to the The screws the
the its and of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the the If it easily, facing the right
the assembly to the and the screws to the cover and the screws to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic:
the Related Optional and Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the
the Remote topic: Related the The AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the connected to the ore people to or the of the following: If using the the If optional from the If the with the cover that included with the to the mount. the using the protective that included with the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the Related the Related topics Attaching and
the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Operation Network Where to If the properly, try turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the The this If of these technical topic:
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light light light light light light and light Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the
light light light and light Flashing Flashing too that the and with or overheated and off. turned off to cool Flashing to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. On Flashing It to the Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high turn High If the the and that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and
light light light and light On Flashing flow through the that the and with or flow through the On Flashing The its and to to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and Light Flashing Flashing the or the USB or USB properly connected. the or the cord, and Clean or the If the the and that the and with or Clean or the If the the and
the light light light and light Flashing Flashing Flashing writing and occurred. Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the the the You information to the Turn the Press the the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic:
or Sound Appears the these sections with or sound. Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: If appears, the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or or Press the If the to there with the connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal Check the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX
Appears From PC connected to the DisplayPort the DisplayPort EQ the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality Related Unlocking the If the appears, the following Press the Source Search or Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, try the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, try the to the lowest and then increase as necessary. topic: or Sound Related If appears, the following Press the the to the selected the the used. the the turned off.
the Not the the Position Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to the the or to the connecting to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported Related the Screen If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, the using the Correction topic: or Sound Related Related references
the or Static the or Blurry If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or feet HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the and If the the and manually the Tracking and If connected try without to caused interference the connected to the DisplayPort the DisplayPort EQ the topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From PC From If the or blurry, the following the Clean the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the the Sharpness to If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from or to match the topic: or Sound Related Quality Projection Supported Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If shorter
to Sound If the ECO selecting Normal or Interlock the the enough to the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search or Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On and the A/V options correctly. You to the to hear sound G6870/G6970WU). the option to the If the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This
or to or Shut-Off topic: or Sound Related Related Connecting to Sound Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to turn the If the off unexpectedly, it of inactivity. Press the button to the and the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the button the the its and the the The the and topic: or Remote Related
to with the Remote Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or the optional to the Remote If the connected to the the the If turn off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with the Remote the to Normal the that with the If the another from topic: or Remote Related references Optional and Remote
to Network You Access the Through the If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If and the user ID or the following: ID: EPSONWEB If the from topic: or Remote the these sections the You Access the Through the Network Not You the iProjection topic: If to the through the ID and which the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the the Network The to the the The user ID and topic: Network
Network Not You Access the iProjection Where to If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: Network Related Related Network If and to the through iProjection, the SSID to On topic: Network Related Wireless LAN If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with
to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or rear of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active G6070W/G6270W F=1.65 to reproduction to Brightness G6070W (WXGA) G6170/G6870 (XGA) G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU (WUXGA) length: to Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light output (ISO
G6170 Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO G6270W Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO G6470WU Normal or Interlock White light output (ISO light ECO White light (ISO G6570WU Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
ratio with Iris and Normal inches to inches Projection G6170/G6870 rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio G6170/G6870 (width-to-height) G6770WU/G6970WU Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO G6870 Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO inches to inches G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU inches to G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU
ratio (Tele-to-Wide) sound G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU G6070W/G6170/G6570WU correction (with G6170/G6870 topic: Technical Specifications G6870/G6970WU N/A (Normal (ECO G6470WU (Normal (ECO G6270W/G6770WU/G6870/G6970WU (Normal (ECO (with G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU
Specifications Remote Specifications UHE High Efficiency) G6070W/G6470WU Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception feet or AA topic: Technical Specifications Normal to about hours ECO to about hours G6170/G6570WU Normal to about hours ECO to about hours G6270W/G6770WU/G6870/G6970WU Normal to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications Specifications inches inches inches G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU (with and without cover) topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC G6870/G6970WU (The G6070W to G6170/G6570WU to G6470WU to G6270W/G6770WU/G6870/G6970WU to
to V) G6070W Normal ECO G6170/G6570WU Normal ECO G6470WU Normal ECO G6270W/G6770WU/G6870/G6970WU Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications to V) G6070W topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications Normal ECO G6170/G6570WU Normal ECO G6470WU Normal ECO G6270W/G6770WU/G6870/G6970WU Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) to F to C) to with High
and Specifications Supported United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. computer's or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh Computer RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI, DisplayPort, and HDBaseT input VGA SVGA XGA
Refresh WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDI input G6970WU) SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV when selected as the G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU only) G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU Compatible only with VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input
from the G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6870) DisplayPort input G6070W/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU/G6970WU from the HDMI G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6870) HDMI input topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when cords, or to with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If or least inches of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or frayed; or the or to or it or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as near heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the anything that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to impacts. the of such as candle, or the the using or other This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or it excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. the cover to the when the to the from becoming or The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. TM and TM and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. HDBaseT TM and the HDBaseT of the HDBaseT Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the
These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to freedom, to that the freedom to of free software (and charge
this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The and and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the
You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and customarily software or,
with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this However, who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the
royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive
Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to it clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they
the that the author's affected that introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this Each as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of change. You the whole of the to to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its
function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this
that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with.
the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection than the of this distribution. If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of
the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation;
this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of Coon, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If it acknowledge somewhere that the IJG
The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the However, ansi2knr.c as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. arithmetic the
that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU)
G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) terms of of each which owner of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information Apache-2.0 This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0". The "apache-2.0" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of Apache-2.0 used) terms as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and
the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You no-charge, royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the
You copyright to and additional or and reproduction, or of modifications, or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You own and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You agree to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the
The should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the
or to the BSD and only or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
The author of this software M. Copyright Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products E. White TX C.W.
Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation
to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. using Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc.
Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution.
Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. WPA G6070W/G6170/G6270W/G6470WU/G6570WU/G6770WU) The copyright of the WPA software terms and to as "WPA The this with the BSD as of the WPA The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of WPA WPA of of each which of the copyright to the "WPA as follows. Copyright Jouni and Rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MPEG-4 ASP: With to offering MPEG-4 and/or the following THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO") AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES AND LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM. MPEG-4 AVC: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM WMV/WMA (Microsoft): This protected property rights of Microsoft. or of such of this without from Microsoft. VC-1 THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD ("VC-1 VIDEO") AND/OR VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO
LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM MIT This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP
of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following stipulation of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software.
The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following stipulation of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-42346 topic: Copyright Notice