W16SK
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The W16SK 3D Projection includes these features: 3D 3D with inexpensive 3D included) Supports top-and-bottom, and 3D Bright, high-resolution to of 2D (white light and light Native of (WXGA) connectivity HDMI or VGA connecting and Easy-to-use and features and Direct On features and closed captioning ratio of ownership with Additional Optional and Warranty and Information
Additional topic: Introduction to to the to the following To three or A/V and that or purchase information. To three with and that or purchase information. To VGA VGA purchase them from or authorized If to the that VGA or purchase information) and third VGA To and VGA purchase them from or authorized You that or purchase information). To HDMI three HDMI and that HDMI or purchase information. To and 3D three HDMI that 3D and (recommended to or purchase information. To with from with or purchase information. If with and only To that includes only DisplayPort or to that allows to HDMI or VGA Apple options. and earlier) through the HDMI topic:
Optional and Related references Optional and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP67) V13H010L67 (ELPAF42) V13H134A42 3D (ELPGS02A) V12H541A20 3D (ELPGS02B) V12H541B20 DC-06 V12H321005 DC-11 V12H377020 DC-20 V12H500020 Universal mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 round plate ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ES3000 (ELPSC26H) V12H002S3Y ELPKC19 Warranty EPPEXPA1 Warranty EPPEXPA2 topic:
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to
Locations Related the the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to The both
cover lights Security and security
cover and mount mount mount Remote foot A/V topic: Locations Related references Light Related Security
Rear USB-A the to the functional the when the together USB-B the to the functional the commander when the together
HDMI Computer1 Computer2 RS-232C functional the when the together AC input topic: Locations
foot Mounting Security Rear topic: Locations
Source Search (searches connected (selects Arrow information) buttons and arrow buttons
when the together topic: Locations
Remote
through connected through connected Screen buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through options) (selects buttons functional when the together buttons and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) buttons functional when the together functions and wireless (selects 2D/3D (activates 3D LAN USB functional when the together Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or to the following To 3D the front of 3D
Rear Rear
Projection Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other 3D to inches. the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or information and instructions, the
Aspect Ratio or or Screw inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches to inches Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection Screw inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches Aspect Ratio or to to to to to to to to to inches) to
or Projection Screw inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that or HDMI such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary. If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to topic: the Related to to to to to
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI and that HDMI The HDMI the If HDMI HDMI HDMI and the HDMI each HDMI and the The the from the internal or connecting to
Connecting to Source If connected seconds to appear. To reduce the input to of or instructions. topic: Connecting to Sources If to the VGA and that to with If of the to usually or If these to then the VGA to the VGA each and the If choose the Computer2 to the the If appear incorrect, to the the
Connecting to Source If connected seconds to appear. To reduce the input to of or instructions. topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional and that If and the each and the If connected seconds to appear. To reduce the input to of or instructions.
Connecting to Source topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional RCA- or A/V and that If with the to yellow Then, the other to the each and the If connected seconds to appear. To reduce the input to of or instructions. topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to Sources Connecting to VGA VGA You sound through the the to the using RCA the to the other of the to the of the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA VGA Connecting to VGA VGA and Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to Sound topic: You the to using VGA To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to VGA Apple If necessary,
Connecting to VGA VGA and VGA to Then the other of the to the Computer1 VGA the Computer2 and the Computer1 the the to Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Sound You the to using VGA and that VGA necessary). To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to VGA Apple options. If necessary, VGA to Then the other of the to the
Connecting to HDMI and VGA each and the If choose the Computer2 to the the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the using optional HDMI and that HDMI To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to HDMI Apple and through the HDMI HDMI HDMI and the
Connecting to Sound HDMI each HDMI and the The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources If includes sound and the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or the other of the to the of the
Connecting to Connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If connected the to to the This the when the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the If there the Computer1 the to the of the You to the the topic: Related To the sound from the to You the the The built-in when You the to with
the Remote or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to the of the topic: The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and batteries.
the as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the and it clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Related Remote Specifications
the To the covers, each A/V To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V covers closed. topic: the
Turning On the Product Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Product Turning the Product 3D Selecting the the the the With the Focusing the the Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the Turn the or to the it the
the covers. the cords to the
Turning the Product the The lights This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the lights as the about seconds, the lights flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the covers the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The shutdown
Press the (To other The the off, and the lights With there cool-down the right necessary). the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the To or the the lights flashing), then the cords. To the or when the lights or flashing
3D the covers. topic: You 3D using to the HDMI You that 3D Turn the then the from the the to 3D
3D Press the 2D/3D the to 3D necessary. 3D 3D topic: Related Additional Related Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to HDMI and 3D these inches or You within the
Selecting the the topic: 3D If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and the front foot to or the
the With the If the the rear to their height. the reapply the to correctly the instructions. topic: Turn the and To or reduce the the
Focusing the the Remote the using the reapply the to correctly the instructions. topic: Turn the and To the the topic: The the from anywhere the You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
Selecting Source the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. topic: Related the Remote If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned
DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the
Projection the Projection the Remote and HDMI topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and You the the or To 3D the front of 3D the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds.
the Projection the The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input it the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio
Aspect Ratios You the following aspect the input from the 3D the aspect ratio to Normal Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to using the width of the and the aspect ratio of the the of the the aspect Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic:
the Related Quality You the using the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input 2D bright bright Theatre
Turning On Iris bright Sports bright or input only) displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) 3D bright 3D bright 3D Theatre topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the
the with the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the or the to the as with The buttons the or to the You the each input Turn the and that includes
To or the the the or these buttons the appears the To the to input the using topic: Related Remote
the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security the Individually You temporarily turn off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To turn the and sound back A/V You the A/V the topic: You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that
and of Press the the to the action. The of while the action To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to To around the the arrow buttons.
Security Security and Selecting Security To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the the Security cabling to the Security the Security topic: You these of security using shared On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V and Selecting Security to the topic: Security To security, Turn off the then the the and the button. The (The off.)
the the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect
to the To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and Press the the The commander off. then the the or the The and and security of the and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the You the to the
the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support. the and of ownership the topic: Security Related Where to You the the to from using the You the buttons or the the Press the
Unlocking the Security Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the back of the to Security from
the Individually Turning On and the security the to and them to or heavy topic: Security Related Optional and You individually necessary. You them together or them from their mounts. Turning On and the topic: You of the and the other turned off. You might to this functioning and To the the the and the To the the the and the
the the this W16 without the following W16 features: 3D Projection from USB and correction Screen the W16 instructions when the this topic: the Individually You the and the individually. Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the and Select and
Press or to the Turn off the the cords. the USB the mount screws both the mount screws both
the and
the mounts from the
the the to it W16 without 3D the W16 instructions when using the with deactivated. the topic: the Individually You the them and them together This to turn each and off individually. To turning both the this process.
Turn of the the the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the and of the following: If the commander and The commander the If using the and The the Press or to the Turn off the the the these the other the mounts to the Match the the mounts to the the
the to the process. topic: the
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Iris On the based the brightness when selected topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input and
To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input using Normal the option 3D 3D Selects 3D options 3D Format 3D 3D 3D 3D Format selects the 3D 3D Notice 3D the the and right 3D correctly) 3D Notice the displayed when 3D activated
whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the Expanded to the HDMI input the type from input to RGB fast-moving NR2 the graphics, and Expanded normally from selected the too Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright RGB corrects corrects
the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. height the selected input
Selects options related to the locking to the Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Varying the of the Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers selects the commander buttons Front/Rear selects the the information) buttons the buttons Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
Assigns option to the the Info one-touch topic: the the features that its operation. Closed Caption
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the CC1 type Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether the Screen A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 NTSC connected through the or Rear Rear/Ceiling Screen whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Information Info Operation Direct On Selects operation options Selects the and displays option) topic: the You information about the and input the Info the The information displayed the currently selected input Direct On the without the Cover High off the of inactivity the off the the closed High the operating the function of the Out/Computer2 the each
First the or the and You this: The hours the least hours. the input Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input 3D Format the 3D of the input Info information that service technician
Information item information about that service the topic: the Related Optional and Specifications You the to when the using the Hours options. topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Related Where to Clean the or whenever or the
Cleaning the To or the with lens-cleaning To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: To or from the lint-free cloth. to the and them roughly as they easily topic:
Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the and To or from the cloth. or other to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to clean the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the
Cleaning the and If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic: Related Light Clean the or they or to them. with this. the commander and the receiver. The arrow to the that the to. Turn off the and the cords.
the Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the topic: and Related the You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or
with the this. the commander and the receiver. The arrow to the that the to. You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the The this section to the the the Turn off the and the cords.
the the top of the cover and to the cover.
the of the ABS resin and polyurethane of to
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the as as when the following The or to appears when the to One of the lights flashing with the this. the and the receiver. The arrow to the that the
the the the topic: Related Information Info Optional and Specifications the the cool least hour the Warning: the to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. The this section to the commander the the Turn off the and the cords. Allow the to least
If to the the the mount screws both (and which screw used). Then the commander back that the Warning: If the the to the that of the mount. If the or the
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to If the the to the of the cover and of or mouth when the cover. the cover and off.
the screws the to the The screws the the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to the and the screws to
the the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the If the the and the mount screws. Warning: the commander to the mounts. the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to track of correctly. the the to information. Turn the
the Remote Press the Select the and Select the option the which the and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and batteries.
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related The of which Follow these to or the the covers to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection Light the these sections using the Light the or Sound or Remote Operation Where to If the properly, turning off and the Then them back and the If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: Related Light Where to Related the The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing the light the Flashing Flashing too light that the and with or Clean or the the too
light light and overheated and turned off. off to cool Once the light off and the light about try the below: Flashing Light Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and light that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. Clean or the If operating the high turn High If the the and
the or Sound topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to using the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the You the the or then the arrow topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the or Static
Appears the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect 3D Not Correctly Appears to Sound topic: If appears, the following the covers Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. the connected to both the and securely connected and the the and If to the Out/Computer2 the to Computer2 Press the to from or connected or the the to they the Select the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related
Appears From PC Related Related Unlocking the If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears
From Supported" Appears Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, try the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound
the or Static the or Blurry Related If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If connected without them to they caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Supported If the or try the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the and directly front of
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect If from the the to the tracking and the to the instructions. If from topic: or Sound Related Projection Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to the and selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected try shorter If using the ECO selecting Normal the At high or locations to high the become and to the If the progressively to topic: or Sound Related Related
3D Not Correctly Appears If 3D correctly, the following Press the 2D/3D the to switch to 3D necessary. You 3D the 3D the to On and both to the that with information. HDMI that 3D If using 3D (recommended to selected the 3D Format the Normally this should to to to match the 3D from using the 3D or the optional The and specifically with this Other 3D the correctly. The each should match the the to which attached. instructions. within the 3D to the enough to the If the other the the 3D the the to its the topic: or Sound Related Optional and 3D If appears connected the following VGA connected to and the Computer1 connected to the and to the
to Sound or Operation the to topic: or Sound Related If there sound when or the too the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to topic: or Sound Related Related the with the the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The cords the cords and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If of the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the turned the If the commander and the try the following the connected with the USB instructions. the to On If the the warning Press the the to off the Stop the and To and the the the and the If the the commander displays You to the commander Stop using the and topic: or Remote Related references Light Where to Related Unlocking the
to with the Remote to If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If turn off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Remote Related Remote Where to Related the Remote If or try the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from
Where to topic: or Remote Related Where to If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase screens, other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or
topic: Related the
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications 3D Specifications and Specifications Supported of Poly-silicon TFT active (WXGA) F=1.58 to reproduction Brightness Normal each White light (ISO ratio to (3D inches to inches Projection inches to inches rear, ceiling-mounted length: to light output ECO White light (ISO
Specifications aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio sound each (Normal correction USB USB and USB USB and topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications (ECO to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications These apply to the when the Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications These specifications apply to each individually. Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications 3D Specifications to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications to to (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications topic: Technical Specifications ECO (Communication On) to to to with High
and Specifications Supported United States topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each 2D Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA-C22.2 ICES-003 Class CSA-C22.2
Refresh XGA WXGA WXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+* MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
Refresh HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV only 3D Refresh 3D Top and
Refresh 3D topic: Technical Specifications Top and
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the near least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing touch the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to impacts. the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) 3D Instructions Restriction of topic: Notices
3D Instructions Follow these 3D instructions when and the If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or twitching, of awareness, strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health provider/physician. or when to flashing or lights 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health the 3D function. It recommended that while 3D or 3D The least to every to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D revised The and of from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath provider/physician necessary. to the of 3D should age or Children and to health associated with 3D and should closely to prolonged without from the of least three the height when 3D The recommended inch least and least inch Also, recommended than inches.Viewing than the recommended or than recommended 3D and Therefore, to or stairwells, or wires, and that The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health
Restriction of People who People who physically People the of or who or flashing light SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. the 3D or with the within reach of They If anything immediately. of the of the when wearing the 3D and of the sections such as the hinges. or of the 3D follow and regulations. topic: Instructions this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please own this topic: Instructions EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. and TM and TM SM service of Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC.
Source Software Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools
EPSON Stonestreet One The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the
To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive
normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information received as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of
the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble
The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and this service wish); that or that the software and of it and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should that what they the that the author's reputation affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or using shared library, the of the of the library. The ordinary
therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the occasions, there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this addressed as "library" of software functions and/or as to conveniently with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the
"Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and installation of the library. other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to stating that the and the of change. You the whole of the to charge to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote
the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this However, that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and functions or length), then the of the
unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or
with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this However, nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library.
If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the
Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and owner of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these
If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that
"The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the
through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this
plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. users.sourceforge.net March This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following
The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following of used) as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright owner or authorized the copyright that the
Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise
the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You institute (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You own copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE
of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the
or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems
Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L.
Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the
of the of, the software and of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA,
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when using While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This information to without Inc.
CPD-38063 topic: Copyright Notice