Z8000WUNL/Z8050WNL
Notations Used This This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning: This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates where information topic found. Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure [ESC] information indications Select "Brightness" from the Brightness Indicates the items. Brightness (Boldface)
Introduction This chapter the features, and
About This the information to and information connecting the to information and the and the using the and The following included with Reference About Network On-screen Z8050WNL only) information as as and the
and or to the The pointed effective that ideas with or This Ease of when mount The the of This easy to the the and easy to mount and the that with the surrounding and the easy to turned as the the The type to The mount attached located the back easy. The easily easy to these when mount the the The and the of the cover which The sophisticated appearance. the and which The function allows to the of the of locations. with and easy the mounted the The and functions operated with optional to the and the optional which allows to and easily and You the the optional
and Colors You the cover and straight of the back of the without using screwdriver. with high-resolution WUXGA Z8000WUNL only) the information information the You amount of without to or switch There cleaning and easy. The and when mounted the their covers off release them. The with of the with the other and the Select Theater or to reproduction of the this that and and the of each RGB Also, the as the and of R, G, B, C, M, and Y.
the network Z8050WNL only) Enhanced security You the included software to and Network information. to or Also, You existing to the from to about the the and the computers. from each without to the from network restricts the You this to people from without and who the Protect to and the optional Wireless the wirelessly to Connecting wirelessly to The with the following of theft security with theft Security to Security where centrally, such as the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. Direct On/Off cool turning the off, the without to the to cool
and Functions these when carrying the Also, theft through the to the Function and Functions The Security with the Security Security people to or the the yourself. Warning: The shows the with included) collects the internal and the service to cool the internally. If life. to clean the regularly. to and this to with to and to the foot The front feet when the mounted the this cover to to the when the to Interface cover this cover to or the when the cover This cover when the from the Remote and the interface cover. switch Interface cover through Projection
and Functions the optional mount when the from Function mount
the HDMI input through this to the thick heavy HDMI connected to from disconnecting. and Functions Function The following the interface cover. information to to the information to the interface cover, Interface and from the the this the the the optional Remote RGB from and from other input to the the from or with RS-232C This and should normally used. RS-232C to the optional LAN Unit Z8050WNL only) to the from the connected to the or other input to other than the input or the BNC input input or the BNC input This to LAN and then to LAN Z8000WUNL only) from HDMI and computers. This with HDCP HDMI input Function RGB from DVI-D This with HDCP DVI-D input from input RGB from and from other BNC input from input
to and to the Rear foot and Functions Function to LAN and then to LAN Z8050WNL only) Function The when the flashing or the of the Z8050WNL. The Z8000WUNL The of the and whether they The shows the wireless from the Remote these to the cover. Rear Corrects If while the or and functions which items and displayed, these buttons the Press this to or the You the to completely while the or and Corrects If which items and displayed, these buttons the displayed, to the previous If when the the function. to cool the internally. Also, this cover to the cover) Function Warning: and or the while otherwise affected heat the that become or
and Functions and to the RGB the If of Function the or displayed, and the selection and to the connected to the and to the input that [Source Search] and the Press this to through the and to the the On or
and Functions the On or Function Remote to from the input [Computer] to from the input the or displayed, selects items and to from the input to from the BNC input [BNC] and the the optional wireless receiver, this to the the the or displayed, and the selection and to the Acts as when the optional wireless receiver. using the optional wireless receiver, the the buttons. buttons You the to completely Each this the or and to the RGB the If of
and Functions displayed, to the the function. If when the previous Function The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] Function displayed, allowing Press to assign item from the items. to one-touch the the assigned item Acts as right when the optional wireless receiver. and the which shows to with they this the the optional the and from the Remote Press to the ID. [ID] Press to the Each this the the the DVI-D and HDMI input [DVI-D/HDMI] Projection Z8050WNL only). This function the to from Network Z8000WUNL. [LAN] this switch to ID the ID switch assigned as the IP IP from the this to passwords, and buttons this to IP from the and Press to the Press to the light when connected to the and to the input that [Search] light-emitting Remote the pressed, the The reduces the of that using the The the without the buttons or Press to the
and Functions operating of the front or back as shown the within the the below.
Unpacking the to the the the the shown to another location. the the (or the when to the and instructions. the below: Remote and AA and foot covers VGA Protected software CD-ROM CD-ROM PDF and
front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the If the isnt already the to front of the This the the and below to increases with which using and whether the with or other and the to Positioning the Positioning the The from the of the to the of the This the of C Projection Z8000WUNL, Rear (ELPLR04) from Projection or inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Positioning the from Projection or inches inches inches to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to Screen or Z8000WUNL, (ELPLW04) inches inches inches inches inches inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to or Z8000WUNL, (ELPLS04) to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches
Positioning the to inches to to to from Projection to or to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to Screen or Z8000WUNL, throw (ELPLM06) to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from to or Z8000WUNL, throw (ELPLM07) to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches
Positioning the to inches to to inches to inches from to or to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to or Z8000WUNL, throw (ELPLL07) to inches to to inches to inches to to to inches to to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches Z8050WNL, Rear (ELPLR04) from Projection or inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Positioning the from Projection or inches inches inches Z8050WNL, (ELPLW04) inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to Screen or to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches Z8050WNL, (ELPLS04) to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to to inches from Projection to Screen or
Positioning the to inches to to inches to inches from to or to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to or Z8050WNL, throw (ELPLM06) to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches Z8050WNL, throw (ELPLM07) to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to from Projection to or
Positioning the to inches to to inches to inches from to or to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches from Projection to or Z8050WNL, throw (ELPLL07) to inches to to to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches
and Attaching the Interface Cover and the the finished connecting the to the interface cover as below. Attaching and Attaching the Interface While the interface cover switch, the interface cover straight the screw. the top of the interface cover. the cover the Tighten the screws.
Connecting the to included) to the BNC the other the BNC of of the to Procedure Connecting to the BNC using the Z8050WNL, the and interfaces The this section the Z8000WUNL. If Connecting the to slightly Connecting to Connecting to the VGA the the to or Turn the the and the RGB and the other to of the VGA to the Procedure the the to or Turn the the and the RGB
DVI-D and the other to of DVI-D included) to the DVI-D Procedure Connecting the to Connecting to the DVI-D HDMI and the other to of HDMI included) to the HDMI Procedure Connecting to the HDMI Turn the the and the Turn the the and the
Connecting the to of DVI-D included) to the DVI-D and the other to the DVI-D Procedure Connecting to the DVI-D Connecting to of HDMI included) to the HDMI and the other to the HDMI Procedure Connecting to the HDMI Turn the the and the Turn the the and the
of included) to the and the other to the Procedure Connecting the to Connecting Source BNC or the of included) to the type of the other of the to Procedure Connecting Source Turn the the and the the the to or Turn the the and the
Connecting the to of included) to the and the other to Procedure Connecting Source Turn the the and the
the the or allow or to the This and Turning the On and Warning: Turn off this when to the of the Turning the On and of the the and the other Procedure C Press the the or the back of the the cover.
or the arrow buttons the back of the as Press the repeatedly to Press and To the the the the to shown below. the the Press the the or the the back of the displayed the Procedure the C the the or the back of the
the the Focusing the Press the the or the the back of the displayed the Procedure Press the the or the the back of the the Procedure arrow buttons the back of the as shown below. To the the or the To the the the or the arrow buttons the back of the as shown below. C the the or the back of the C the the or the back of the
the If front of the and the as shown below, the four to the Fixing
Functions This chapter useful and the Security
the correction choose assigned to the Corner and the while to the The Corner and correction to when buttons pressed, the correction selected from the connecting or other and and correction Correcting Distortion the This allows to manually each of the four corners of the There to Correcting Distortion the Corner You easy function to the and vertically the to the top or the corrected accurately. The correction properly buttons This allows to manually the and or the Corner to The become and the as shown below. corrections the
Press the to the selection from Select Corner", and then the which of the four corners. Correcting Distortion the Correcting Distortion with Corner Press the and then from the Procedure the the Remote
buttons the the corner, To the the the and or or the Correcting Distortion the buttons the to the to and then the C the the or the and If the the the as shown the screen below, the further that
Correcting Distortion the Projected Corner the correction to from the displayed. from buttons the select- the to to and If the about seconds while correcting the to the the when with Corner, the following displayed. when the the correction and and as to corners. Corner: the of Corner Switch to Switches the correction to
the Projected and the Projected (Source Search) The input from connected and the input from the projected. You the buttons to to the input You the the following directly to the Source Search the Projected input when the Source You the as input with Search Network Projection, the from connected to the LAN Z8050WNL only): DVI-D HDMI BNC when input.
the Projected Switch to the using the Remote You directly to the the following buttons the connected, playback this operation. Procedure Remote the the Remote to from the input or when found. You the input or of connected, the [Source where the to connected. If The following showing the of displayed when the that the currently about seconds, the Search] the projected. Z8050WNL only). This function when to from Network using the Z8000WUNL. the pressed, switches from the DVI-D and HDMI input to from the input to from the input Changes to from the BNC input LAN when the Z8050WNL.
Functions Projection Procedure selected. Functions Enhancing You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Quality (Selecting Application The the the If the while the displayed the The the to the from the tone Theatre RGB) input) bright bright This the brightest or input) Sports such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright The when Theatre or that to the Select to R,G,B,C,M,Y from the
You this when to the what or to such as when from Functions Projection the Temporarily the to the brightness of the displayed and the Iris Press the and Iris from the Procedure the the Remote the the Remote Procedure The each Select On. and to turn off the closed and operations about to from the automatically. If to the the buttons, the or If while the closed, the the and off the displayed the Iris when the The- C Press the to the to On Iris or Customized
Functions Projection that recorded or the Aspect Ratio when connected that the Aspect Ratio when The and the of Aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio the the the to from without the function activated photo. Also, operations such as the Remote Procedure Remote Procedure and to from the The to back the while displayed, the or cleared. If the while the or the or off. while used. where Aspect The aspect ratio the from the If the while the Aspect the The Aspect displayed the the to the Aspect
Functions Enhancing Each the pressed, the aspect the Normal, and Native. the Aspect Normal Native
Normal If of the or the properly, or from the the You the aspect of input from the Computer, DVI-D, or HDMI input as follows. The aspect ratio of the mounted the projecting the Aspect to of the Functions Projection the Aspect Projection Operation input to the the Aspect of the input the input Computer, DVI-D, or Normal BNC) based information from the aspect input. when the input HDMI) input. to the Aspect of
Functions Projection input Z8050WNL Z8000WUNL input the the input to the as the aspect ratio that
Functions Enhancing Projection input input Projection the of the input to the of the This clear Native of the of the projected. If the the
Functions Enhancing the This allows to the and to the about. Function Shape from the You choose from three of or Remote the Procedure Each the the appears or
Functions Enhancing Projection to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Remote Procedure
Functions C The ratio appears the The selected the pressed, the expanded. You when such as If selected, and Reduction You reduce the the button. to to the to through the holding the Press the to or
the ID with the ID of the ID: ID switch: On of the of the when Combinations the to only the with ID. This the ID switch the of the The following shows the of ID and You ID the within of to The ID the and the You ID the within of to The of the ID the or the to the of the of the when when ID. ID ID the with the of the ID: ID switch: On ID: match, ID and ID and switch On, the with the ID: Not Remote ID: switch to On, and the ID, ID matches the with the the ID: Combinations ID switch: On to from the the ID. Remote ID: ID switch: On to the ID switch the of the ID with the of the the ID: Remote ID: Remote ID: ID switch:
of the of the when the following to the ID. Checking the ID the ID the ID switch to On. Procedure ID" from the the and Procedure the the while holding the [ID] the button. Remote Choose the ID to and the the buttons, the ID displayed the It about three seconds. C Press the to the
The ID the the retained. the to them, the ID to the (ID0). of the of the when the Remote ID the ID switch to On. Procedure to match the ID of the to While the [ID] to Once this the that operated the
Correcting the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correction Iris Iris while this function activated. manually the and tone of each each to the the the brightness and tone match completely and On On to and to Iris that the from each match closely. Correcting function. correction. Press the and from the Procedure to "On". played the and the the to the brightest the correction and corrections the the to the each the the to the to the brightness from Correct the with Brightness Correct. from from Each selected, the of the selected You correcting from usually C Select to corrected or correcting to or to played. and to the following to and the ID the To to ID the the ID and the ID. Summary of Correction Procedure You from to white to and each of these the following You correction when from You the brightness to them Correct the Correcting You the to them match closely Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y). Correcting
Correcting each the the displayed the and the the correction and corrections the Correct the Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y). corrections finished, the to the to corrections finished.
to the the of the Protect to On the following the prohibited. Security Functions Protect You people the the without The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Network Protect to On Network the prohibited. Background, and from the Network Protect The with of theft security Theft the following to Protect. Protect Furthermore, the that when the This acts as theft the to the Protect activated, people who know the as the At the of purchase, Protect activated. Protect) The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect On Protect Direct On). If the On Protect On to the and turned (this to
Security Functions Select Network Protect and then the Turn Network Protect. the about The Protect displayed. seconds. Procedure this to If The the displayed, and then the The the the shown displayed Select and then the Select On and then the Press the the Remote While holding the four the buttons. The displayed as the fourth the displayed. If Protect already activated, the Pass- If the correctly, the Protect displayed. the the the the as further theft The accepted." displayed. the Select On Protect and then the Select On and then the button. C Turn Protect. Turn On Protect. Press the If the incorrectly, prompting to the Select Protect and then the button. Select On and then the Press the
Security Functions This function buttons the related to the operation to properly the displayed, the the buttons the Remote the of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the of the buttons the the the locked, the of the following to the operation buttons the as locked. or off. While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure from the and then and the back operation locked. about and then the switches to If this the The displays the that the If incorrect three the The If the of the that appears the and If input the thirty the following and the The locked. buttons or when to The following of operation restriction functions This or shows when to with the operation. Restricting
The buttons locked to the C Select when the displayed. chose. Security Functions from the the and Procedure You release the of the following From the Remote Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. from the the the Remote This function the following buttons the related to the operation. Remote Select or to
Security Functions The Security with the Security theft-prevention the includes the following security to the often mounts and through the to the to or from the Security Theft Press the and from the Procedure the the Remote the with the locking theft through the instructions. the Select On. The buttons related to the locked to the chose.
that the options based the information these This chapter to the and its and reading this chapter.
the the the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top
of Functions of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each RGB when NTSC input You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the Function You the the You the Brightness. Brightness You the Tint. You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the from the You the sharpness. Sharpness
of Functions (This item selected selected as the from the Function C You the and brightness of each (red), C individually. (This when the the to Theatre or and to Iris whether or On to to the light projected. You the of each individually. other than Customized: selected as the You the functions to their To items to their The each
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions RGB/ RGB You whether or On the to the when the Function Normal If the correctly when this to the connected or to Normal or You when or interference appear the You specify the This when connected fixed, when to or You when appear the Tracking The of the input identified. You the and right when of the that the whole projected.
when input. This when RGB input.) of Functions Function CG, animated and recorded to the pull-down, to the of the Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as IP each field the This with amount of (This when RGB input.) Reduction This the DVI-D input or HDMI input connected to DVD player, the to the DVD player's You input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected If appear correctly when this to the to the connected If the input to the connected You input from input or BNC input (This when RGB input.) DVI/HDMI when the input HDMI. selected, the switched to or You the Scaling (the of The of to or You to the input the effective when the connected the HDMI You the Aspect Ratio Aspect (This when RGB input.) You the to their To items to their
of Functions buttons the to corrections to and and the Corrects and Select of or Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the Function You ECO Select the too bright such as when or ECO selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and the reduced. about life: about You this to operation of the You this to the of the Normal ECO You the to of or You the of the to operation or the Remote light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the operation from the
the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You You assign selected items from the to the Remote the of the following items to the of Functions Function the that the without connecting other While the displayed, and correction You the to their To the the the Remote or the Info, and To items to their
of Functions Overheating and other such as when there input, and when On or when Source, or Aspect. Background Black You the when to or The following the when this item to Function You related to the Normal Z8000WUNL only): You or the of the and other On You whether or the Screen (the when the displayed. You the that displayed as background Background or You from the following to the the CC1 CC2 You or Closed Caption You from the following to the the Direction Rear Normal
when this item to On this the of recovery with this to Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. of Functions Function to On this when input and operations to On the the off within of to to On the of purchase. and to On the to On this off the the closed. priority.) High to On when the of BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC input This should usually to to On when termination such as switchers necessary. the with the this to to this to because, the mounted the or somewhere to reach, back this item to Normal to the with the selected, the with other to this This to that You Normal or the type of with to the You whether or On to the Notice. this to On and the detected, the displayed the Notice You SNMP to and the of the the or using the software with this You the functions that and the of the the network when the this to Communication On the ID within of to that ID ID
of Functions this to On, the and of from of the Function You from to white to and each of these Brightness Correct. and Correct. You and Notice from the to their Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the brightness of each To items to their to On Iris You the displays. Protect to On Protect, relating to You Protect to Network Z8000WUNL) High and Remote information the Z8050WNL Network
Network Protect On Protect to and the You Network Protect to of Functions Function IP You input the IP assigned to the DHCP You whether or (On/Off) to DHCP. If this to On You Wired LAN You from to each field of the the following Gateway used. You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to Gateway You input the IP the the You input the the to when the using software. to (where from to MAC You the MAC the You to characters.
of Functions to when and the You to characters. Function this or warning the information the of the function that allows to and the information, the To SNMP to the to SNMP SNMP should network Trap IP Trap IP You to as the SNMP You SNMP SNMP You whether or to If this to You from to each field of the the following IP used. SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the to (where from to You the SMTP The from from to You the and the of the to when or You to three You to characters the the connected to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to the connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the to the when connected to You the Network to their To items to their
and the following software displayed. the the to the to the and then the holding the the Remote and the buttons. the to input. Select the to input. of Functions information the Z8000WUNL Network the CAPS selected, and and the SYM1/2 selected, and the the section the Network Z8050WNL)
Network Protect On Protect to and the You Network Protect to of Functions function You easily text to such as security Network the of connected to the the and the This Operation information. LAN Security Wired LAN Others and Function The following items. Network
of Functions Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes operating the to the and or or to the to the Network without the the and the Network the Network
to the holding the the and the buttons. Network The items that input of this the following software displayed. the the and to input. the and to input. the to the to the and then the and the or of Functions Soft operations Each this selected, and the the section the Each this selected, and and
of Functions to when the using software. the to the when connected to editing, to characters. Function You to characters. characters. function that allows to and the the to when and the You to connected Network information. to On to the when to the to from from the Normally this should to On Network information.
of Functions LAN when the optional Wireless the connected to with Network Projection, that permanently connected WPS Protected wireless LAN, easily the to the and security Protected to to the Wireless to the to the Wireless treated as connected. LAN Function SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. SSID You to characters. If this to On You whether or On to DHCP DHCP the wireless LAN strength. the wireless LAN LAN You input from to each field of the However, the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP
You input the the You input from to each of the the following used. of Functions Function You input from to each of the the following Gateway used. To the SSID from the LAN this to SSID to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway the MAC MAC To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP
of Functions the optional and strongly recommended that security. Security when the optional security, follow the instructions from the of the network about to access. Function WEP encrypted with (WEP Select of the following security Security WPA /WPA2: This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA this "TKIP" and "AES". EAP EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which authentication, LEAP which user and and EAP-TTLS. WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication using authentication or authenticating and without This the without This the encrypted the and the match.
of Functions Authentication of security CA EAP-TLS EAP-TTLS/MD5 EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2 PEAP/EAP-GTC LEAP If using EAP, to the that match the authentication Check with network Network to and CA to the of and CA to the These with EAP-TLS. RADIUS WEP selected
of Functions Function The following items ASCII The of the encrypted WEP with text the with the the which the and then to "ASCII". You the input the WEP encrypted Format You the WEP encoding. WEP HEX the which the The type of character and the that You the WEP the characters following instructions from the to the WEP and Format characters than the character length, characters that the encrypted. If the of characters shorter than the character length, character encrypted. If the of ASCII alphanumerics, characters. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. Selects the WEP ID ID 3/Encryption 1/Encryption 2/Encryption Encryption to with authentication. You Authentication WEP encoding. Authentication HEX to and to F, characters Shared Authentication WEP HEX to and to F, characters
of WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You than characters the from than characters. Network information. You Pre-Shared (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the Shared and the pressed, the and displayed as PSK (Encryption Function The following items Function Information the displayed. You by/Validity The following items EAP-TLS selected
of Functions EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, or EAP-FAST/GTC selected You to authentication characters You to characters. You than characters the from than characters. Network information. You authentication characters. You to characters. the and the pressed, the and as Function The following items You than characters the from than characters. Network information. Wired LAN Function If this to On You whether or On to DHCP DHCP
of Functions Function You input the IP assigned to the IP You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each of the the following Gateway used. You input from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP the MAC MAC
of this or warning the information the of the Function You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP You whether or On to You input the of the to the to. You to three You to characters the You than characters the from than characters. You the or to about the selected or warning the to the specified notifying that or occurred. You items from the items. You input the the SMTP The You input to You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to
of Functions Others to (where from to You to the SNMP Trap IP 1/Trap IP Function You input from to each field of the the following IP used. the connected to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should the Wireless LAN or Wired LAN Priority
of Functions of the Function the the appears. To of the
of Functions the of the and the of the Items that displayed the as shown the following shots. Info Only) RGB/ Function You the operating Hours You the Source the connected currently Source displayed, the operating normally. "Reading the Indicators". reaches the the characters displayed yellow. You the selected the The following the of the You the Lighted You the selected the This information service required. You the Info. Info You the Refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions Function This Info about that occurred the The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", This information service required. the The following items to their items Network and You items the to their Function
and Remote information these and this chapter. The below the options based the options the input and Notice Closed Caption ID Projection Direction Brightness Sharpness Iris DVI/HDMI Reduction Tracking Aspect Wired LAN LAN Security SNMP Network AMX Discovery Others
and Refresh Rate Info Source Info Z8050WNL with optional Wireless Z8000WUNL Z8050WNL
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the Screen Select If with the the to the You the the Remote Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure
the Screen C Confirm the selection. Remote and as shown the Press the to below. If the to the to
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators". If the clearly what the might to the
These the operating of the Reading the Indicates the operating Warm-up about seconds. warm-up the the this or cool while the flashing. function warm-up. Warming Projecting Indicates the operating of the wireless LAN when the optional Wireless connected. Z8050WNL only) Indicates the internal Indicates the Indicates the
when the the this malfunction. If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they Stop the the from the and or or flashing Stop using the the from the and The off and about about the switches to the following that the and clear, and that the Cooling High (overheating) Direction to or when the to or upward. If the the using the the from the and of or High to On If the clogged, or
or the following If the Stop the the from the and yourself, to of the If cracked it with or further If the replaced). If the the with and the If cracked the and the the both and they cracked. Clean the Direction to or Pointing when the to or upward. that the and clear, and that the using of or High to On If the clogged, or the following Airflow If the the the the from the and Stop the the from the and Iris
to the Flashing flashing or o (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warning that the and clear, and that the If to the the passed, the that the increases. it with as as The indicated flashing or with or If the clogged, or both together to and of the indicated the flashing or and cracked. If the the with and the If cracked the and the the following Clean the Warning Warning Direction to or when the to or upward. If the Stop the the from the and If cracked with or further the burned-out as as High On using of or to If the yourself, to of If the though the defective. Stop the the from the and The off about that there that the securely Flow
(This abnormality. the further.) Flow or that the and clear, and that the If the the the the from the and The "The clogged. Clean or the displayed. the following If the Flow to cleaning the the with The to the Clean or the displayed. Clean the Notice If the clogged, or If the operating properly, though the showing to the The or Notice" displayed only when Notice to On the If the indicated this Stop the the from the and If the with tobacco and cleaned, with
when supplied" If of the following and the offer to the each the "I to the and "Nothing appears the "The Remote Other the completely the completely displayed" appear" relating to the from appear and nothing "Interference or appear "The displayed." or of automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and white, appear and LCD the and the appearing the The whole appears or greenish, performance, that the match, this of such as interference, or white appear. "The or or the aspect right" appear
relating to appear The correctly or normally. the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. Press the to the the the to the the connected Press the the to active? input such as completely of the the correct? when from when the correct? the completely the to only. information, the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD displayed
Press the to turn the If to the to to On The off about that there that the securely the The "Not supported" displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate supported? when from when the correct? the the [Search] the or the [Source Search] the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned displayed.
If the output to the LCD or to the accessory to the output to as as the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory information, the to the function that the to output Turn the If the while the of the or already turned the the and the off and then back function that the to Turn the If the while the of the or already turned the the and the off and then back when from or with built-in LCD of the recommended the the Press the the to the the correctly? within the recommended or of If the from to or the of the and this the the the off and the to to appear the the about hour used. If the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too Interference or appear the to the the connected that the securely connected. the connected correctly? when from the correct?
If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? the using and Tracking from the If the correctly Press the the Remote or the the to Tracking the that the with the information, the and correctly? when when the selected? the to the the connected Press the [Aspect] the to aspect the input the aspect correctly? The or or the aspect when using the using from the when the projected. If the correctly Press the the Remote or the the to correctly? from other while from the If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the Press the the Remote to the the the that the with the when when the selected?
right from connected to the or BNC input from connected to the or input the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the and from the the from the the correctly? the from the correctly? when from the and correctly? appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the the Brightness and from the the Brightness correctly? Brightness the from the correctly?
when The connected correctly or normally. the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Disconnect and then the Press the to the the when Direct On to On the back these instances. Press the to the back the back or the turned immediately Direct There the or the the If this the using the the from the and the and off when the touched? the Remote from the the the selected? Press the the Remote If to the to the to the ID switch the of the to On? the switch to On, the to only with ID. ID switch to If the or cover incorrectly, the turned the and correctly?
The Remote Other the location where light the receiver. the to from Remote the sunlight or light from the Remote The operating the about the too from the the the Remote the light-emitting towards the the when operated? of the ID the ID switch the of the the ID the to and the ID the match. To to the ID and the ID matched? the Remote from the the the selected? the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? the connected, the light-emitting or the the from the and the the optional connected to the or to the the Remote the Remote Remote match the that Nothing appears the The that from the or BNC input input from other than the or BNC input
to the and the from the the To the function when the Communication On from the to Communication On the of to the the correctly. function correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the the to abnormality and the to If the
Where to of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the these technical services: Where to purchase www.epsonstore.com authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON You purchase and other from (U.S. or www.epson.ca Purchase and and and troubleshooting or to You www.epson.com/support and with service AM to PM, through AM to PM, through please the following information You with of and hours of to without or To the service, and the PIN the included This U.S.: AM to PM, through the of to and free. This Product Z8000WUNL or Product (located the the of warranty charges apply. these numbers: Z8050WNL) to
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to
and from the from the The from the and from the from the front of The mounted or Also, this to or each of when the to mount) or upward. If correctly, and causing and injury. or the mount, to the crack causing to from its mount. This If the mount fixing to the screws from serious to the mount and the or things such as or the the screws from and or Warning: from from front of the other than those shown the following and the other than those shown the mounting the the to to from such as through the directly directly optional mount when the the or with the malfunctions and the operating of from the Direction properly the to the of installation. the
the other than those shown the following the mounted, the and the foot covers, as shown below.
Clean the and the when the following displayed or the flashing "Clean or the to the Cleaning Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation. Clean the immediately when the displayed. containing to or which This fire to the high of the to such as the or of the Cleaning the Warning: cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the and back of the to off the the the Press the the or the Procedure the or such as or thinner to clean the The of the or become containing amount of and then wring Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with the cloth it to the cloth cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the
Cleaning the four or to off the With the front (the with of the facing Turn and the other the the cover and and the cover while the the cover. If the too become to and cracks. C the
Cleaning Press the cover clicks the cover. the the front If displayed, cleaning, to the with the
the with This section to the Remote batteries, the and the If the of the Remote or that the becoming this them with AA batteries. the the of the and the to the the Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the catch, the cover the cover. Procedure the Instructions the batteries.
Turn off this when to the of the The to appear the following to the brightness and of the the the immediately turning off. Turning the and off shorten the of the appears, the with as as that the increases. the If to the the passed, the continuously to Normal About hours continuously to ECO About hours The the the of the when It to the when: the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should ready they to the the indicated the flashing or The flashes the should that the and there should to the of the cover, the that the the of that cover gently. The when the from Warning: or the If or reassembled the and used, fire, shock, or The or to
If the cracked, with or C the the to and the straight the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. Warning: back of the to off the the the Press the the or the Procedure both together to and of the there the the front of the cover together to release the the cooled sufficiently the cover the back of the the releases, the straight
Press the cover the and to the right clicks. the cover. the the the that fits and the clicks the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the off as If the or the cover the securely. If the cover the correctly, the when to the the and turning the the following the and The records and and the counter. the Hours
back of the to off the the the Press the the or the Procedure Select and then the the cover and and the cover while the the cover. the operating If and the the count to 0H. Indicates that replaced. the The though the cleaned. It to the when: The The when the from to the
the cover. Press clicks C the The of properly with regulations. the
Optional and Optional and Product V13H134A23 V13H010L51 one-pack (ELPLP51) V13H010L52 (ELPLP52) Product V12H004M06 throw (ELPLM06) V12H004S04 (ELPLS04) V12H004L07 throw (ELPLL07) The following optional and Optional V12H004W04 (ELPLW04) V12H004M07 throw (ELPLM07) V12H004R04 Rear (ELPLR04) V12H003B25 Mount Bracket V12H003B26 Mount Bracket with ELPMBP02 V12H005C28 V12H007T16 IR V12H306P11 Z8050WNL only) ELPSL01 security
the securely to from shock, and to the that the Notes Transportation Notes when and To to impacts when There and the the as follows. Notes Transportation Turn off the to the and the following, and then the the cover to the the foot. Nearby the yourself. people to or the Transporting Warning: the function to and vertically the the that the mount when purchased the Then, follow the instructions Nearby" and the the instructions below.
Select from the the You the that currently as the and the to the factory the to as the and then the Procedure the the Remote If Protect from Protect to On and the You Protect to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the the Remote or the the to the C "Choose this as the displayed, as to the of the
Select the factor from the the to the of the to as the when the Z8000WUNL. the approximately seconds. the this as the The the the the or connected while otherwise malfunctions "Completed. displayed. displayed, the the Remote to "Select this displayed,
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access Z8050WNL only) the and recommended when the mounted the the and the the This recommended when the to the with the This SSID and security WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access SSID and security when the that assigned to the from the to the the to this and together. There WPS. PIN Z8050WNL only) Network "Network from the the and Procedure The Network displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access Z8050WNL only) the Select Procedure From "Wireless LAN" "To Press the the when prompted the The displayed. The following displayed. connecting the follow the to the PIN when connecting the "PIN below. Then, the displayed.
WPS Protected with LAN Access Z8050WNL only) Select from C Press the the when prompted the and the Press the to the This the of the the ration the PIN Press the or the This the already the and the the "PIN Wireless LAN The displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access Z8050WNL only) the PIN the "PIN from the to the and then Select "PIN Procedure The displayed. The PIN displayed.
WPS Protected with LAN Access Z8050WNL only) C The Protected displayed. Press the or the button. Wireless LAN The displayed. Select from and the Press the button to the This the of the the ration
Connecting LAN the Z8050WNL, the and interfaces The this section shows the Z8000WUNL. If with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN included). slightly Connecting LAN LAN To LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
Connecting to the using the RGB input through the or BNC and the the You when with the Connecting to Additionally, input through other than the to or BNC to with To To such as the or to the
and the Unit the front cover. and the Unit to the with hand or If or the of the the when necessary. If or the and it malfunction. the the function to and the the cover straight the screws. the screw. the interface cover. Procedure While the interface cover switch, the interface cover straight the screw.
and Attaching the Unit the straight the insertion section with the white the top. Procedure C the of the and counterclockwise. Once released, the straight or the when the facing directly or the
and Attaching the Unit C the front cover. clockwise locked. that the While holding the firmly, the the cover the Tighten the screws. the screw.
and Attaching the Unit the interface cover. If the without the and the and malfunctions or the of the with the the front cover the the cover the Tighten the screws.
Reading Function shows the that the each To with The of the The following The of the where the occurred The IP the where the On the function to and the the following problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" and of the Reading Function Subject: EPSON occurred.
Reading Function shows the that the each To with The of the The following problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" that the the the or input to the turned Cooling the The informed the and Warning Warning. Warning. The the Warning Warning Notice Clean Iris Iris Though this used, the Cooling Warning Warning (both High Warning High-speed cooling High (Overheating) related or appears the of the with occurred Indicates and The indicated and The indicated (both Warning Warning Warning Flow Airflow Flow Flow Flow
ESC/VP21 Commands If the terminates abnormally, and ESC/VP21 Commands Command Item SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE 1F selection PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF the ON to the the and the input, the the and and then the command. Command SOURCE A0 HDMI SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE B4 SOURCE DVI-D SOURCE SOURCE MUTE ON On On/Off (CR) to the of each and MUTE OFF
ESC/VP21 Commands Flow length: Parity: <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C <At the (PC <At the Function ground GND TD RD
About "Product information Z8000WU network-compatible as of their to and Information Industries Association) as The with the Class1 established Class1, and confirmed the Class1 established the JBMIA It with commands the following commands URL: the JBMIA. About Z8050W and Command Function AVMT URL: commands Command Source INPT INPT BNC INPT INPT INPT DVI-D INPT HDMI information EPSON
Supported Supported VGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Supported Z8000WUNL RGB) XGA WXGA WXGA+ SVGA WSXGA+ SXGA+ UXGA SXGA WUXGA MAC13 MAC16
Supported Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate MAC19 MAC21 when Normal selected as the from the the VGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input. Native Normal when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. Aspect Refresh Rate
Supported Aspect Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Native Normal
Supported Aspect Refresh Rate from the HDMI/DVI-D input XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA Native SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input.
Supported Supported Z8050WNL VGAEGA VGA SVGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate RGB) XGA WXGA WXGA+ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13 MAC19 MAC21 MAC16
Supported when Normal selected as the from the the VGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input. Native Normal when other than those input, that the functions supported. Aspect Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate
Supported Aspect Refresh Rate from the HDMI/DVI-D input XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA Native SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input.
Specifications Specifications inches (W) inches (H) inches (D) (including Z8050WNL Z8000WUNL Product Polysilicon TFT active Specifications Normal White light (ISO light ECO Light WXGA (W) (H) Normal White light (ISO light Light (brightness) WUXGA (W) (H) ECO Light 938W (Normal 763W (ECO 10.2W (Communication On), 0.3W (Communication to about hours (Normal to about hours (ECO 100-240V AC to 4.5A supply (Normal (ECO UHE 942W (Normal 776W (ECO to 11.2W (Communication On), 0.3W (Communication 872W (Normal 720W (ECO 12.0W On), 0.5W (Communication 877W (Normal 734W (ECO to 13.1W (Communication On), 0.5W
Specifications High to On when the 32F (0C) to 113F (45C) to to United States: FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 and CE EMC Directive (2004/108/EC), IEC (CE ICES-003 Class B, CSA C22.2 14F (-10C) to 140F (60C) (without Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness The operating 32F (0C) to 104F (40C) when to "Normal" and "High to "On" of to The specifications when attached. optional attached, the with the optional
Specifications Connectors HDMI HDCP CEC incompatible HDMI DVI-D HDCP DVI-D 5BNC BNC 1BNC input DIN input The connected to and from HDMI and DVI-D input from projected. USB A) the 8050WNL only) Wireless LAN RS-232C RJ-45 LAN DNX this
Specifications of the shown the or
Specifications The software with the that the following Software Professional SP4/ XP Edition Edition NT4.0 SP2 or later/Windows XP Professional SP2 or later/Windows editions SP1 editions MMX or Network Projection SP4/XP/XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP1 OS Recommended: OS III or CPU OS Recommended: II or 64MB or 50MB or 20MB or Recommended: or Recommended: 512MB or PC G3 or or 256MB or Amount of Memory rights to with the following or than SVGA of than than XGA or
Appearance Appearance from of to fixing of Units: inches
This section easily that with the and that the text of this to other publications. copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI protected HDCP with this the DVI-D and HDMI input with HDCP. However, the HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and to protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the AMX Discovery of this assigns IP to connected to Network. DHCP this and to the function (ON). the AMX (www.amx.com) High-Definition that to high-definition which the following HDTV of or or to connected to IP reception and (or Aspect Ratio of Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to which the and to to that of and C type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA
type of with of that IBM computers. VGA type of with of that IBM computers. XGA The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and displayed The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of This (router) to (Gateway Address) Gateway (Aspect Ratio) Aspect Ratio This that the of the from the IP household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the and together. The type of commonly that the to which the and to quality. to that of three and of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the and The from If the match this the interference of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking sound Normal that which to this rear and of whereby the from from top to to This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and Refresh Rate
Notes Notes and of America, Inc. and the of the Microsoft Corporation and affiliated and of Corporation. IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International Macintosh, and of Apple Inc. rights of this publication reproduced, with to the of the information mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without from the the written of Corporation. or transmitted or of the information Copyright Notice the United States of America and other countries and or already areas. of Microsoft Corporation the United States and other or countries. and DNX of Inc. of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or products other than those as Products or Corporation or incurred the purchaser or third as of: from the of options or strictly comply with Corporation's operating and Products Corporation. This information to without instructions. and of their respective owners. and Other rights those America, Inc. the when the The bright light Instructions
as as they and the to heat or and them of the high-voltage wires or the and the They which fire, or of the that the and correct, of types, and and the of the least inches of to these of the reach of Incorrect of and becomes the and fire. of through the or or the or location, other than those specified this the the where might subjected to or the the or where the If the with and the from overheating. If cloth. If them immediately. and the where to the following or the where high and such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the the its or shock. of Notes the or the its while to or the or back than that specified correction. the yourself. people should the vertically, the correctly and to the when or to from turning and this Also, when mounting the the containing to or If mount and apply to the mount to the crack and the from mount and the or cloth (or, or cloth that its mount. This serious to the cleaning. cleaners, or such the where to or technicians using mounting with the from the outlet cleaning. the where to or to through the to from that to such as the or of the If the mounted should the screws from or or the mount, to the screws from the or heavy of the and or as thinner or humidity.
fire or shock. If the that with the If the covers the as specifically If the the country where purchased, outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. while the cover attached. and regulations or recycling. Heat the cover to and the cover the with the the the following when the The this mercury. Please the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. or the or to that become warped or heat the or to the country other than where purchased the the when the to of the or the when disconnecting to comply with these this to or the the type of indicated the of to the while the where the repairs to service fire or shock. while burned. that country. the Notes You to the and or sunlight of Doing or If or the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to Doing and to the or to or If or the performance; If or or the of service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or or covers to from the If the or the when the the the closed-in the the the from the outlet and servicing to the where the easily or to cool the housing to the shock. and other
Notes FCC the cover to the when using the to the from becoming or the with the outlet from that to This tested and found to with the there that interference turning the off and the interference installation. This and and, and installation. If this to reasonable protection with the instructions, interference to the or Class to of the FCC These interference to or reception, which to to the interference or of the following Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. United States the of such as candle, or the cord. heavy top of the the off the and to the immediately or or excessively. the least hour to allow the to cool completely. from the If the mounted overhead and the to with Health If the the to contained the including known to the State of California to or from or with the or mouth. of from when the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, other (This and following.) cover. responsibility of the to and shielded interface with The of non-shielded interface to this this If this than interface the FCC of this and interference connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the which the established the FCC this It the WARNING:
Notes This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 CPD-27588R1