Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL/
Notations Used This Indicates information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning Indicates information that, possibly or physical to incorrect The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications The indicated should the of the Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Select "Brightness" from the Brightness Indicates the items. [ESC] Brightness (Boldface) The from those shown this of the
Introduction This chapter the and the
effective the or to that or to This The with of Ease of when Mount The the of This easy to the the balanced and easy to mount and the easily as the the easy The mount attached to these when mount the the The to turned easy. The The type to and the located the back of the The sophisticated cover which clean appearance. that with the surrounding and the easy the and which The function allows to the of the of locations. with and functions You the cover and straight of the back of the without screwdriver. There cleaning and easy. The and when mounted the their covers off release them. operation easy the mounted the The and operated with The type allow to and easily You the to the and and the optional of optional
You The with of the with the other and and cooling high operation and of 32122F (050C) to reduce of shutdown and this to 122F (50C).
"DICOM SIM" to such as photographs. This that approaches the (The and DICOM Clearly of to Theatre, of the this that and Select Theatre or to the with high-resolution WUXGA Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only) as and action that such The reduce motion or smoothly. the information information the You amount of without to or switch The memory and when If the easily the and the of each RGB Also, the as the and of R,G,B,C,M, and Y. from to each other. You the while and Edge to from tone each together
and Functions Enhanced Security Functions You to the on/off and switch the input the and every of and options supported, such as the to and software. This software allows to the and options who the You this to people without and restricts the Protect to and users to from to that connected to the and the to them together. freely and easily from connected to the included PC software, and lively. PC Projection information. four of Network The with the following of security with Security to Security The included Network Projection software to to and and of functions to increase PC information. the where centrally, such as the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. Direct On/Off cool This turning the off, the without to the to cool
function or the network connecting the to and the Network the using to Network
and Functions these when carrying the Also, through the to the Function and Functions The security with the Security Security people to or the the yourself. The shows the with installed. collects the internal and the service to cool the internally. If to and this to with life. to the regularly. to and to the foot from the The front when the this cover to or the when the cover This cover when the this cover to to the when connecting the to Interface cover through Projection
and Functions Rear and the interface cover. switch Interface cover Function the from the optional mount when mount to the internally. Also, this cover to the cover) Function and or the while otherwise affected heat the that become warped or to and to the Rear foot The when the these to the cover. cover
The following the interface cover. information to the interface cover and "Attaching and the Interface "Connecting to and Functions Interface from the Remote Function flashing or the of the The of the and whether they from HDMI and computers. This with HDCP HDMI1 input Function
and Functions to the from the connected to the or other input to other than the input or the BNC input input or the BNC input This Function RGB from and from other BNC input Function SDI from Z8455WUNL only) Z8450WUNL/ SDI the HDMI input through this to the thick heavy HDMI connected to from disconnecting. from input from input LAN to to LAN from HDMI and computers. This with HDCP HDMI2 input The and from the the this the the the optional Remote RGB from and from other input to the the from or with RS-232C This and should normally used. RS-232C to the optional wireless LAN Wireless LAN
and Functions Corrects Function and using to Network these buttons function as buttons. If while the or which items displayed, these the and and or the or the temporarily to the displayed, to the If when the that selected the button, executed. the function. the On or Function If while the or displayed, these buttons the functions which items and and and projecting using to Network these buttons function as buttons. Corrects Press this to through the and to the and to the RGB the If of connected to the and to the input that [Source Search] and the the or selection and to the displayed, and the
and Functions the or off. Function Remote to from the input [Computer] to from [LAN] displayed the input Each the pressed, the and input to from the BNC input [BNC] the optional wireless receiver, this to the the the or displayed, selects items and and the the optional wireless receiver, the the buttons. buttons the or selection and to the displayed, and the Acts as when the optional wireless receiver.
and Functions ID IP from the this to and buttons Function or the or the temporarily to the Function using the The reduces the of that the pressed, the The the without the buttons or and Position to the RGB the If of Press this to the and that selected using the executed. selection/adjustment displayed, allowing items. Press to item from the to one-touch the the assigned item displayed, to the the function. If when the previous Press to the Acts as right when the optional wireless receiver. The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] and the which shows to with they this the the optional the and outputs from the Remote Press to the ID. [ID] Press to the assigned as the to from the SDI input [SDI] to the this to IP from the and Press to the this switch to ID the [ID] switch This function when Z8150NL/Z8250NL/ Z8255NL/Z8350WNL. the and least the Press to the right turning the
to the the the the shown to another location. the the (or the when to the and instructions. below: and Functions Unpacking the displayed the HDMI1 input the pressed, the and HDMI2 input [HDMI Function light when outputting connected to the and to the input that [Search] light-emitting Remote and AA included) foot covers VGA Protected software CD PDF and CD
and Functions the of the and the to the the Warning The the AA that with the the Press clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure the Instructions the batteries. that If the of the or the becoming this them with AA ready. other AA batteries. the the
and Functions using the the light-emitting the the The operating of the that with the shown below. of operating operating using with other the Remote the To reception of the from the Remote the the The operating the that
Functions This chapter and the security
the [Search] or [Source Search] pressed, search input to which input the following where input the You the projected the following Source Search the The input from connected and the input from the input projected. You the buttons to to the input directly to the [Source Search] switch only to from input You the the [Search] or to which input. Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Procedure switching to LAN from connected through the Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL this operation. or of connected, the [Search] or [Source Search] connected, playback the projected. the the
LAN switching to from connected through the projected. the Projected The following showing the of displayed or when found. You the input where when the that the currently the to connected. If about seconds, the Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only Switch to the the Remote You directly to the from the input the following the "Remote
the Aspect Ratio of the Explanation Aspect Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL You the aspect to the type of input ratio The aspect below. The aspect of height and and to switch the Aspect Ratio of the that the type of that projected. Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL the Aspect Ratio of the Projected to the while the aspect ratio of the input Normal aspect ratio of to the aspect ratio of This aspect ratio based information from the input. to the while the aspect ratio of the input Normal aspect ratio based information from the input. Explanation Aspect aspect ratio of This to the of the of the input to the of the This clear Native to the aspect ratio of the top of the to the aspect ratio of the of the (Down) to the aspect ratio of to the aspect ratio of the top of the to the aspect ratio of the of the (Down) of this the If the the of the projected. that the as the aspect ratio the input to the the of the input to the of the This clear Native Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL: the of this If the the of the projected. Z8350WNL:
the Aspect Ratio of the Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL) the Aspect Remote Procedure aspect the Normal when from the SDI input (Down) and Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the Native from or from the HDMI1/2 or SDI input input aspect The aspect Aspect the from the the to On and to the aspect If the while the aspect displayed the The aspect the the to the aspect [Aspect] C (Down) Native
the Aspect Ratio of the 1920X1200 WUXGA 1280X800 WXGA 1024X768 XGA Aspect Normal (Down) aspect the Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the Native and Projecting from 1920X1200 WUXGA Projection each aspect shown below. 1280X800 WXGA 1024X768 XGA Aspect Native Normal If of the or everything, the to or Normal from the the of the (Down)
Normal (Down) aspect the the [Aspect] the pressed, the Native and the Aspect Ratio of the Projecting from the Aspect Z8350WNL) 1280X1024 SXGA each aspect shown below. 1280X800 WXGA 1024X768 XGA Aspect aspect the (Down) Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the and Native from or from the HDMI1/2 input Normal input aspect (Down) C (Down) Native
the Aspect Ratio of the Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL) the Aspect 1280X1024 SXGA 1280X800 WXGA 1024X768 XGA Aspect Each the Aspect the pressed, the aspect the and (Down) and the aspect to (the right and of the off). Projecting from input aspect Native If of the or everything, the to or Normal from the the of the (Down) C
the Aspect Ratio of the Projected Projection each aspect shown below. Aspect Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the (Down) Native and from the HDMI1/2 input 1280X1024 SXGA 1280X800 WXGA 1024X768 XGA Normal input aspect (Down) Native C aspect the Normal Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the (Down) and Native Projecting from
the Aspect Ratio of the 1280X1024 SXGA 1280X800 WXGA 1024X768 XGA Aspect (Down) Native If of the or everything, the to or Normal from the the of the
Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Remote Procedure You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. Selecting the Quality (Selecting tone Theatre bright bright This the brightest Application The displayed the the If the while the displayed the to the The using the from the that to the such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports photographs and other This with clear DICOM SIM The and from the tone each This selected when RGB or when LAN selected as the input This selected when or
The of input that below. Sources Projection to the and right and Projecting SDI HDMI1 HDMI2 LAN Right o BNC BNC HDMI1 HDMI2 o LAN SDI Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL
Press the the or the The displayed. Procedures The currently selected input displayed the Press the the while the Procedure Projecting The displayed when the [Source Search] the or when Source or the [Search] the each input and "Right". C "Source" and the Remote The screen from the the input that combined selected. Sources Projection"
Press the the or the Procedure Projecting Switching the and right To switch the Select and the button. the from C Select the to and then the Select and the RGB that from the displayed the following to switch the the and right Switching the and right The appear as shown below the screen Press the to the Press the the or the Procedure The the and right Select and the button.
Restrictions Screen Right Switching the aspect (The aspect to Normal The following operations the You both the and right the when input or when Operations the the or displayed. Iris Restrictions relating to the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the The the to the the to the the right the The and Reduction right the the the Advanced and to the the right To the the the the and then the The following to the Press the the or Procedure there input, the the that Background. The when the the the selected. Black
to the the closed and operations about the and off automatically. If to from the Functions Enhancing Functions and to off the If the while the closed, the the that executed, the canceled. The and while the activated. You this when to the what or to such as when from the Temporarily operations such as from without the function the function activated the to the photo. Also, activated the that the to from the Procedure Procedure the the Each the buttons, the or
Functions the Procedure and to from the The to back the while where Each the or off. Remote If the while the or displayed, the or cleared. while used. Function Each the the appears or disappears. This allows to the and to the about.
Functions Projection Procedure the Remote to the of the that to the or from the You choose from three of This when to to them such as and of the
Functions Enhancing Remote C Each the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the pressing the holding the Press the to The ratio appears the The selected to the to through the when functions such as or to On, used.
and the You Protect Protect On If from to Protect to You the that currently as The as the when there input or C "Choose this as the displayed, the to the as to the the or the the of the If selected when or Aspect the function currently the to as the and then the button. Procedure Once the to the factory the the Remote Select from the the
Select the factor from the the to the of the to as the when using Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL. the this as the The the the "Completed." displayed. displayed, To the as the the the the the Remote the approximately seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions "Select this displayed, to
to the the of the Protect to On the following the prohibited. Security Functions Protect The the following security Protect Security Functions Network Protect to On Network the prohibited. Background and from the Network Protect You people the the without You who the The with of security the about The Protect displayed. seconds. Procedure the following to Protect. Protect Furthermore, the that displayed when the to the the At the of purchase, the This acts as Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. Protect) Remote The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect Direct On). If the On Protect On to the and turned (this to On Protect
While holding the button, four the buttons. The displayed as the fourth the displayed. Security Functions If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the Remote the the the as further On Protect and then the Select On and then the Turn On Protect". Press the If the incorrectly, prompting to the The accepted." displayed. the Select Protect and then the button. Select On and then the C Turn Protect". Turn "Network Protect". Press the button. the displayed, the the buttons the While holding the button, the the the buttons. the Procedure this to If The the displayed, and then the The the the shown Select Network Protect and then the Select and then the Select On and then the Press the the
of the following to the buttons the of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the of the buttons the the the locked, the as locked. or off. Security Functions from the outlet and then and the back locked. displayed about and then the switches to If this the The displays the that the If incorrect three the The If to the operation and input the thirty the following displayed and the The locked. If the of the that appears the and from the the and the Procedure The following three of operation restriction or when to This function buttons the related to the to This or shows when to Remote properly with the operation. Restricting the the This function buttons the the buttons operation.
Security Functions This function the following buttons the related to the operation. Remote Select or to from the Press the and the Procedure The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. the the Remote You release the of the following From the from the Press and the the about seconds, and the released.
Security Functions Procedure The buttons related to the operation to the chose. Select "On". Remote This function the following buttons the Remote Remote the least seconds, the or off.
Security Functions the with the locking instructions. the the following operations the Remote to through the security to the to The Security with the Security the includes the following security to the often mounts and from the or Security the and the through the the
Memory Function the Memory the to memory, and recalled when You to of to memory. Memory Function or and "Memory" from the the the the Procedure the following to to memory. to memory items the that to memory below. Top HDMI SDI Reduction NR items Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only Brightness Edge Not Z8150NL
Memory Function The to the memory to the C Select the memory, and then the Select Memory", and then the Press the the or and "Memory" from the Procedure memory Select Memory", and then the Select when the displayed. The the memory C Select the memory, and then the If that already the existing indicated highlight to the of the memory and their C Select the memory that to to, and then the to memory. Press the the or and "Memory" from the Procedure memory or and "Memory" from the the the Procedure Loading memory Select Memory", and then the Select Memory", and then the
Memory Function the memory the "Soft Operations" C Select the memory, and then the Press to
The from those shown this chapter This chapter to the and its
the the each item Selecting from the Selecting from the top
the Top On, Items that the or input currently or the Normal, High Normal, Tracking Presentation, Theatre, Sports, DICOM SIM, Top to Brightness RGB, Normal, Expanded SDI Normal, Expanded HDMI NR1, NR2 Reduction On, NR to RGB, RGBCMY Advanced 5000K to 10000K to to to On, Iris to Sharpness Normal, (Down), Native Aspect NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM
the Background, Top Corner, Correction, Correction Correction Top Rear/Upside Down, Rear, CC1, CC2, Closed Caption Normal ECO, Normal On, Screen Direct On, BNC High Termination, Normal, Down, Direction Front/Rear, Rear, Remote Closed Caption, Memory Info, Brightness Edge ID Multi-Projection Communication On, Communication On, Notice Memory, Memory, Memory, Memory Memory
the Top On, LAN Wireless LAN Top Hours Info Quick, Advanced Wireless LAN On, SSID Protected SSID Search Access Source Refresh Rate Info On, SSID On, DHCP On, IP IP Gateway ID Memory Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL WPA/WPA2-PSK, WPA/WPA2-EAP Security Security On, DHCP IP Wired LAN Top Remote Not Z8150NL Network On, IP Gateway On,
the Top On, HTTP Network Wired, Wireless Priority Gateway On, AMX Discovery On, On, On, EPSON Broadcasting SNMP
Items that the or input currently as shown the following shots. each RGB You the of the to surroundings. Function Thin If this to such as or You the sharpness. To Advanced Sharpness You the light and the You the the Advanced The following four items You the brightness. Brightness You the tint. Thick If this to the background, and the other of the the to them clearly. If this to the If this to the
You the of the You tints from to K. high selected, the becomes with when selected, the becomes with red. Function You of the correction or from or RGBCMY You the and of each (red), C (yellow) individually. (This item selected when or Theatre selected as the from the Iris whether or On to to the light projected. RGB You the offset and each (red, and You choosing the following items. Advanced You the to their To items to their The each This item Edge to On
Items that the or input currently as shown the following shots. each
HDMI/SDI RGB You the other than when from You whether or On the to the when the input Function Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only Normal If the correctly when selected, this the of the connected and Normal or You the and right when of the that the whole You when or interference appear the You the This when connected fixed. You when appear the Tracking The of the input identified. CG, animated and recorded to the pull-down, to the of the IP each the This with amount of This
You smoothly intermediate the Function shows whiteout or the to the of the DVD The of the If selected, the of the input and automatically. If the to and the the HDMI1/2 input connected to DVD the to the of the DVD DVD player to Normal or Expanded. HDMI Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as Reduction You reduce the that with NR the of or You the type input connected to the input or input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected the SDI input to the to the of the SDI If appear correctly when this to the to the connected You the type input connected to the input or BNC input If the input to the connected Edge from each and selecting the to You the Scaling (the of The of to or You only when the input HDMI1/2 selected, the switched to or to the input You while the aspect and You while locking the aspect and You the Aspect Ratio Aspect You the to their To items to their Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL
buttons the to corrections to and and the Corrects and Select of or Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the Function You Correction Correction The the and the the of intersection from to and and Correction of the caused or of the You this to operation of the You this to the of the You the You the of the
Function You the brightness to Normal ECO or Normal ECO Select this the too bright such as when or ECO selected, the amount of electricity and the reduced, and the operating to or the light too to to the to or that interference. You the brightness Brightness from the Normal brightness. Normal the to the surrounding You the reception of the operation from the Remote You selected items from the to the button. the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following items to the button. the that the without other If the the seconds, this to the Info Memory You the to their and Memory Memory related the to memory. Memory the of the memory. Memory the Memory Memory To items to their You nothing Memory Memory Not Z8150NL
Overheating and other such as when there input, and when On or when Source, or Aspect. The following the when this item to Select the to the the Function You related to the You the that displayed as background Background or Background You the when there input to Black or this to On to the when started. this to the the Projection this to the the Direction You CC1 CC2 or Closed Caption
when this item to On this the of recovery with this to Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. Function to On this when input and operations to On the the off within of to to On the of purchase. and to On the to On this off the the closed. priority.) Select to when the pressed. selected, the opens/closes. selected, this off the temporarily. Additionally, the that with this or the which this item to Normal to the with the selected, the with other to this This to that the with this this to that the because, the mounted the or somewhere to reach, back to Normal You Normal or the type of already with to the BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC input This should to to On when termination such as switchers necessary. High to On when the of this to On the to that the or off, the or or the cooling finished. You whether or On to the Notice. this to On and the detected, the displayed the Notice You the functions that and the of the the when the this to Communication On
You the when from Multi-Projection Function You Notice and from the to their Brightness Z8150NL): the and This item when Normal selected the from the Edge Corrects to You the and of each ID the ID within of to that ID the to the and You the displays. Protect to On Protect relating to You Protect to To items to their High and Remote related to the and ID
Network Protect On Protect to and the You Network Protect to Network Network Function the to the Network the Info. LAN Info. Wired LAN using the of connected to the the and the This function You easily text using to such as security
Network Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes the Network to the and or or to the Network the and the Network to the without the If the the Network the
Network then the to the the the and the input. Press the to input. The Network items that input of alphanumerics this the following software displayed. the to the to the and buttons. the to the the or and Soft Operations the [CAPS] selected and the pressed, pressed, switches the the section the the [SYM1/2] selected and the switches and lowercase
Network to You to characters. function that allows to the using the the to the when connected to editing, to characters. Function Projection and Network Projection. from to On to the when try to the to PC from the On Normally this should to
Network To the to wireless LAN, the Wireless LAN (V12H418P12). Wireless LAN using WPS Protected wireless LAN, easily the to the and security Protected this to On when the and wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, this to to unauthorized others. Wireless LAN Function Projection. If SSID On the becomes If it to the network created If created the and It with Network the wireless LAN Normally this should to The selected that displayed. to the LAN the to when connecting the and wireless LAN. to from this to and the SSID the that If to when this to On search the from SSID automatically. SSID If Advanced the established the and
Network SSID. SSID the wireless WLAN which the the SSID. SSID Function to Advanced search surrounding and the SSID to connected from those the they displayed the You security separately. Search Access You the to If interference from other To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID You to characters. If this to On You whether or On to DHCP DHCP You input the the You input from to each of the the following used. You input from to each field of the However, the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway You input the IP assigned to the IP You input from to each of the the following Gateway used. To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP to (where from to This of the wireless LAN
Network displayed Search Access Access WEP connected to this the WEP Function Indicates already detecting Refresh If which security the Security appears. to the If without security the Wireless LAN appears. Indicates the where security
Network Security when the Optional LAN Unit Installed) the LAN strongly recommended that security. Function You type of security. Security selected WPA/WPA2-PSK SSID On (only when using security WPA2. AES establishing from to the the WPA/WPA2-EAP WPA Encryption selected to the this item when LEAP. WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA Encryption selected to the which the the to without security Advanced selected Security You WEP as this
Network WPA/WPA2-PSK selected You least and to characters the the and the pressed, the and displayed as Passphrase with Network Projection, to input the the the Function It recommended to the security reasons. If the initialized, to the You than characters the from than characters. the
Network LEAP PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS WPA/WPA2-EAP selected PEAP-TLS Authentication when Function PEAP Authentication the authentication. EAP If PEAP-TLS or EAP-TLS, the user obtained from the displayed. You the the authentication another user You than characters the from than characters. You to authentication characters You to characters. LEAP Select this when these authentication used. EAP-TLS Authentication authentication. If the the user backslash.
Network You authentication characters. You to characters. the and the pressed, the and displayed as Function whether or to with the authentication to authentication. To On CA that the authentication You than characters the from than characters. the information the It the to whether or to the of the If On selected, the of the authentication from the internal of the of whether or to the authentication If this to On and the reduce the of to authentication RADIUS the information the CA It the You to characters. Specify the authentication RADIUS to CA
Network Wired LAN Function You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to On IP You whether or On to DHCP DHCP You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each field of the the following Gateway used. You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from the LAN this to IP to (where from to
Network If the OK with This the the of Function You to characters. You to characters. Network characters. function that allows to and the the to when and the You to connected Apply security (HTTPS) to To security recommended to On HTTP to when the software. You to characters. You to characters. the Wired or Priority Gateway to the to the to the SNMP SNMP
the to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery Network Function this to On when to and the Normally, this to "About To to the to On of the service, the Apple The following when to On restarting. Broadcasting You Broadcasting and its from the following You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or EPSON Broadcasting Download the software and the from the following
Network this or the "Reading Function" Function You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP You whether or On to You input the of the to the to. You to three You to characters the You than characters the from than characters. You the or to about the selected or warning the to the notifying that or warning occurred. You items from the displayed items. You input the the SMTP The You input to You input from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to
Network the information the It the You the PEAP-TLS and EAP-TLS Function Select Clear to the to the information the CA It the You the EAP to authenticate the authentication HTTP to On information the the function the displayed. It displayed Refresh to the Clear Select to the to CA to HTTP On information the the which when to It Clear Select to the to
Network to Certificates"
Network To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should SNMP SNMP to On to IP as SNMP Trap IP 1/Trap IP this to On when SNMP to the SNMP Function You input from to each of the the community of SNMP. You to characters. Community to (where from to the following IP used.
Network of the the the Passphrase, and back to their and the Function To of the the the appears.
Info Only) the of the and the of the Items that displayed the or input as shown the following shots. Info Only) LAN RGB reaches the warning the characters Function You the operating displayed, the operating normally. "Reading the Indicators". You the Source the connected currently Source You the selected the You the selected the The following the of the You the Lighted This information service You the information. Info You the Refresh Rate Refresh Rate
Info Only) Function This information about that occurred the when the and through the information the displayed using ID. to the following information the ID. ID Z8250NL/Z8255NL/Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL, the operating of both and displayed. The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", If This information service required. the
The following items to their Memory items Network Hours and You items the to their Function items Memory the Memory
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the Select If with the the You the the Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure
the C Confirm the selection. and displayed as shown the Press the to If the to the to
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators". If the clearly what the might to the
These the operating of the Reading the Indicates the operating Warm-up about seconds. warm-up the flashing. seconds) or cool the this while the flashing. function warm-up. Warming Indicates the operating of wireless LAN when the optional wireless LAN connected. Indicates the internal Indicates the C
Flashes while or activated. Indicates the when the the this malfunction. If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they or flashing Stop the the from the and the the from the and or Cool The off and about about the switches to the following that the and clear, and that the If the the the the from the and of or High to On If the clogged, or High (overheating) Direction to or when the which
or the following If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). If the Stop using the the from the and If the the with and turn the both and they cracked. If cracked the and the Clean the Direction to or when the which that the and clear, and that the of or High to On If the clogged, or the following If the the the the from the and Stop the the from the and Iris
to the Flashing flashing or o (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warning that the and clear, and that the If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as The indicated flashing or with or If the clogged, or both together to and brightness of the indicated the flashing or and cracked. If cracked the and the the following Clean the Warning Warning If the Stop the the from the and If cracked with or the burned-out as as High On of or to If the the with and the If the yourself, to of Direction to or when the which
or that the securely installed. that the and clear, and that the If the though the Stop the the from the and The "The clogged. Clean or the displayed. the following (This abnormality. the further.) Flow The off about that there If the clogged, or Flow If the Flow cleaning the the with If the the the the from the and The or Notice" when Notice to On the If the yellow with tobacco and cleaned, with to clean the Clean or the displayed. Clean the Notice If the operating properly, though the showing to the If the indicated this the the from the and
If of the following and the offer to the each the the completely the completely from appear and nothing the appear" relating to "Interference or appears "The "Not supported" displayed." or of automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and the and the appearing the white, appear and LCD The whole appears purplish or greenish, performance, that the match, this of "The or or the aspect right" appear
when supplied" "I to the and "Nothing appears the the "The Other ""The that clock displayed." IDs
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. the switched off? that or functioning correctly. the correctly. Press the to turn the the the to the the connected Press the the to active? input such as completely of the the correct? when from when the correct? the completely the to only. the the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Press the to the If to the to to On Projection
that the securely the the to the the connected The off about that there The "Not supported" displayed. when from the correct? to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the "Supported Displays" that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the and the Refresh Rate supported? when displayed. the the [Search] the or the [Source Search] the the input selected? function that the to output Turn the If the while the of the or already turned the the and the off and then back If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the to as as the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory Turn the the the the or turned when from or with built-in LCD the to the
or of that least the and the the to the the correctly? If the from to or the of the and this the the the off and the to to appear the the about hour used. If the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the recommended the the within the recommended the to the the connected Interference or appears the correct? If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the and Tracking from the If the correctly Press the the or the the to Tracking Displays" information, that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the when from the and "Tracking correctly? when the selected? The the the and the of the the If the the to when RGB when screen the to
The or or the aspect the to the the connected the of from If the correctly the using from the Press the the or the the to correctly? Press the [Aspect] the to aspect the input the aspect correctly? to the to On Press the the to the projected? when If activated the Properties" of the only about of the the projected. To the the off the from RGB other while from the when the the to the the connected the input match the from the the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? right the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the Advanced from the Advanced the correctly? the from the correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly?
the and from the the and correctly? the Brightness and from the the Brightness correctly? Brightness when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the If from Multi-Projection to Brightness or Brightness Correct. to On the from the correctly? Press the to the the when The connected correctly or normally. the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Disconnect and then the
There the or the the If this the using the the from the and the and off when the touched? when Direct On to On the back Press the to the back these instances. the back or the immediately Direct the ID switch the of the to On? the switch to On, the to with ID. ID switch to the Remote from the Remote the the selected? Press the the If to the to to If the or cover incorrectly, the turned the cover and correctly?
The Other the location where light the receiver. the to from Remote the sunlight or light from the Remote The operating the about the too from the the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? of the ID the ID switch the of the the ID the to and the ID the match. To to the ID and the ID matched? the Remote from the Remote the the selected? the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? the the Remote Remote match the that the connected, the light-emitting or the the from the and the Remote the optional connected to the or to the Remote the buttons those operations deactivated. the to the the
Nothing appears the RGB from the input or the BNC input displayed input from other than the Computer or BNC input RGB the from the input or the BNC input to the and If the wireless LAN correctly the authentication the correctly. correctly. the correctly? the from the the The authentication of wireless LAN To the function when the Communication On from the to Communication On the to abnormality and the to the that or functioning correctly. to the If the
of to the the the correctly. function correctly the Network or The supply that clock "The that clock displayed.
the ID and the below. If the the or of the following IDs the of while and then try Network ID the to Network Projection. the wireless LAN security to correct. Network Security The WPA and WPA2 authentication the the the and the to the SSID. The SSID found. the of the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE Network Projection. that reproduced. the occurred the 04FF off from the the DHCP to operating correctly and the LAN to connected correctly. Turn off DHCP used. Network Wireless LAN Wired LAN to the DHCP. Check with the and follow their instructions. Communications off to the The WEP, TKIP, and AES the If the restarting the or Network Projection, of the following Other
the wireless LAN security to correct. Also, the imported correctly. Network Security The EAP authentication type the EAP authentication 089A 089B ID EAP authentication 089C 089D
from authorized To the You purchase other optional and 800-GO-EPSON purchase Where to Purchase and If to technical services, the following Where to To purchase (U.S.) or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca with You and and troubleshooting or with www.epson.ca/support to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or This service the of warranty You with hours AM to PM, through Product (located the or of the To the EPSON service, and and hours of to without or please the following information ready the PIN the EPSON included with of purchase (such as and of purchase (U.S.) or and AM to PM, or charges apply. of the or Product to Representative
This chapter the that to service life.
Clean the and the when the following displayed or the flashing "Clean or the to the Cleaning Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning to and this to with and the If collects the the internal of the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. This fire to the high of the the containing to or which to such as the or of the Cleaning the Warning using cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the and back of the to off the the confirmation the Press the the or the Procedure If the with tobacco cleaned. this with the or such as or thinner to the The of the or become containing amount of and then wring If the dirty, the cloth with Clean the it with cloth. the cloth to the cloth cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the
Cleaning the four or to off the With the front (the with of the facing Turn and the other the the and and the while the the cover. If the too become to and cracks. C the
Cleaning the cover. Press it clicks the using from front If displayed, cleaning, to the with the
The to appear the following to the and of the The or to the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the Normal About hours Z8250NL/Z8255NL/Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL continually ECO: About hours Z8150NL: About hours The the the of the when It to the when: the that the whenever the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. that appears, the with as as that the increases. the If to the the passed, the The when the from the or appears cleaning the to the the indicated the flashing or The flashes the should that the and should that the If the of that because there to the of the cover, the cover gently. Warning
If the cracked, with or C the the to and the straight or the If or reassembled the and used, fire, shock, or the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. back of the to off the the the Press the the or the Procedure Warning the the front of the cover together to release the the cooled sufficiently the cover the back of the lock. the releases, the cover straight
Press the cover the and to the right clicks. the cover. the the the that fits and to the back. the clicks the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the off as If the or the cover the securely. If the cover the correctly, the when to the the and turning the the following displayed the screen and The records and and the counter. the
back of the to off the the the Press the the or the Procedure Select and then the the cover and and the while the the cover. the operating If and the the count to 0H. Indicates that replaced. the The displayed though the cleaned. It to the when: The The when the from to the
the cover. Press it clicks C the of to the
Notes Transportation the securely cushioning to from shock, and to the that the Notes when and To to impacts when There and the the as follows. Notes Transportation Turn off the to the and the following, and then the the cover to the people to or the the Transporting Warning the function to and the the cover that the mount when purchased the Then, follow the instructions Nearby", and the The and the the protective that with the the instructions below.
and This chapter the that to and the
such as with that The Broadcasting to You to which JPEG to to of that connected to from and the from the Download the software from the following operations such as the and then the operating or the selected or as and then operations the selected such as turning the Following of the and assigned to that they then to from the that The (ON/OFF) and or the searched automatically, and of information such as input and You of or that If there actions which or to to the the of icons. You the IP to them. and and off and switching their input the of that and these detected.
the Network from the as the The the IP of the the of SONWEB as the the characters the EP- the the browser, and the the displayed. this function used. the You and the Microsoft or as the If using the of that connected to the and operations remotely to characters such as OS, or Firefox. Remote with wireless LAN, Advanced Click Procedure The Remote function allows to operations from and with the (when the Communication On to from the of the off). of If to displayed. To to with other than the security using HTTP to On. the following to the the Procedure
connected to the and to the input that [Search] Function C The Remote screen appears. when from that These buttons to and to the through the buttons The input to LAN [LAN] The input to BNC BNC The function allows to the from browser. Click Procedure the input Each the pressed, the and input Turns the On or Function of HDMI1 the input the pressed, the HDMI2 and input [HDMI] SDI The input to Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only) [SDI] The input to [Computer] C or unpaused. the or off.
the without the Function C The appears. You to the wireless LAN authentication. the [Stop] the the following the and CA wireless LAN security and the HTTP function. Click Network Procedure Function the C The appears. the [Stop] pressed. each the pressed. the without the the [Down] C the Refresh/Clear to the to the rightward. [Right] the upward.
You which from HTTPS to warning of the when from from browser, shows and the to this its This of the The creates and warning. "Supported Certificates" this warning. Refresh/Clear CA Refresh/Clear to to the its Refresh/Clear to connected to the You this function the and of the HTTP to On, security using HTTPS the and HTTP Notes
shows the that the each To with The of the The following problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" the Function to when or warning with This the to of with locations from the Network to three recorded, and to the to three once. the function from the the Function to Notification (Problems/Warnings) High Warning High-speed cooling High Notice Clean related If and to notifying of the cover Flow (Overheating) Flow Flow Communication On to from the of the the (when the off). the the following The of the where the occurred The IP the where the the function to On and and of the Subject: EPSON occurred. Reading Notification Function that the the the or input to the turned or appears the of the with occurred
SNMP to when or warning SNMP should or who SNMP from the with This when centrally from them. with the SNMP To the SNMP function to the to the SNMP The function using SNMP wireless LAN to IP
ESC/VP21 Commands ESC/VP21 Commands Flow length: Parity: Command <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C the ON transmitted to the the and the input, the the and and then the command. turned <At the (PC <At the Function ground GND TD RD
ESC/VP21 Commands If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE BF BNC PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE A0 HDMI2 SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE B4 SOURCE HDMI1 SOURCE Z8450WUNL/ Z8455WUNL only) SDI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE LAN (CR) to the of each and MUTE OFF MUTE ON On
About information EPSON network-compatible as of their to and Information Industries Association) as Class1, and confirmed the The with the Class1 established Class1 established the JBMIA It with commands the following commands URL: the JBMIA. About "Product information PL Z8450WU/Z8455WU PL Z8250/Z8255 PL Z8350W PL Z8150 and Command Function Command Source AVMT commands INPT INPT BNC INPT INPT INPT HDMI1 INPT HDMI2 INPT Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only) SDI INPT LAN
to On from the of the the (when the off). About The the and therefore to the integrated It to and displays supported.) built with connected About the and to the with wireless LAN, Advanced Confirm the following the from the to On the Network the restarting. the the Procedure to the to or Edition operated from with the and to of below. and with software Remote operation using to the following the and the the the IP of the the field of The operation displayed. This operating the using characters and The following functions while Broadcasting
About that shown the or to or Switch to the from the selected input To input The optionally. the operation clicked. To buttons that shown the The following operations when the buttons C or to or right. the light and the or unpaused. Function to the without the Click the Click the to the to reduce that with the Click the of or the the the brightness. Brightness the sharpness. Sharpness The following operations when the clicked. the operation as the the The following operations when the other clicked. or Clicking the to such as when what or You this when to the from the or off. Function and the the operation as the the OK Function This the of
About If clicked when RGB projected, the the Tracking, and Function Switches to the from the input where input. Search the as the the and to the using the Used to IT The following operations when the clicked. information the that currently connected. Info Function currently connected. to the section. the the that
About that currently connected the location the (The to characters and Location Function Item The following the clicked the operation This to the the that currently connected. the Select the to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP the (The to characters and Assigned To Click this to to the the IP to assign to the currently connected IP the that currently connected the the the currently connected Gateway Function Item The following items to the that currently connected from other the (The to characters.)
About Select the to to the The following items C (The to the to the characters.) New If the the the New displayed. Confirm Function Item Click this to to the Select the to to the operation the The following items If the the the New displayed. Confirm (The to characters.) the to the New Function Item Click this to to
About Broadcasting or specified connected the Broadcasting to (JPEG to The manually, or Download the Broadcasting software from the following Broadcasting software of About Broadcasting
Network Functions This chapter the functions
On the and then the OS to of the connected The its IP or allow- Turn the and switch the input to LAN. "Accessories" to Network the Projected The displayed. Procedure Projecting with to Network to Network function and You from the the the using function of the OS without to software. with to Network If of displayed and using Network from the the to the highest Compatible OS C Once the OS of the connected the displayed, the the that to and shown the of the LAN You to that the and connected to the This section easy of to Network and the following operations. Professional/Ultimate
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN WPS Protected with LAN Access There WPS "Network from the the and Procedure the and recommended when the mounted the the and the the This recommended when the to the with the This SSID and security SSID and security when the that assigned to the from the to the the to this and together. PIN The Network displayed. to the the and to the following section when other than WPS. LAN
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access the Select Procedure From LAN" "To The displayed. The following displayed. using the follow the to using the PIN when connecting using the PIN below.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access Press the or the LAN It to the Press the the when prompted the Select and the Press the to the This the of the the ration C Press the the when prompted the The displayed. already the and the the PIN the PIN This the
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access the PIN the "PIN from the to the and then Select "PIN Procedure The displayed. The "PIN displayed. C The Protected displayed. Press the or the Wireless LAN It to the
WPS Protected with LAN Access Select and the Press the to the This the of the the ration
and This chapter the and to to other
from from front of The mounted or Also, mounted to directly directly mount). If correctly, the of when the from This or or the mount, to the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the If the mount to the screws from or things such as or the the screws from and or Warning mounting the the to to from such as through the the Direction properly the to the of installation. the optional mount when the from "Optional and and from the from the incorrectly malfunctions and the operating of the or the and from the from the front of The Projection from the
the enough from the to the and
Connecting to the following when the to to the the Connecting to the of the and connecting them. If them attempted the or when they match, or the interface connecting "Attaching and Removing the Interface Turn off the and the The or they connected while the Connecting to Projecting with the Network software with the Network information. This section of the to The and from those with the to Network function with or to the following when from that connected through Connecting BNC input 5BNC
Connecting to Connecting input (supplied) HDMI1/2 input HDMI HDMI from connected to the with the output the the If the displayed to the the to the the and the function CRT/LCD, of the computers) the that with the HDMI the HDMI the output from
Connecting to This section of connecting the to The and from those Connecting to BNC input (R/Cr/Pr, G/Y, RCA BNC/RCA Connecting the input (optional accessory)
Connecting to Connecting the input input BNC HDMI1/2 input HDMI HDMI
Connecting to Connecting the SDI input BNC SDI the and the to the from the connected that with the HDMI the HDMI Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only
the the connecting This when displayed to the without when the button pressed. (The If the the to the the Select then the Procedure the the Remote
the Top To the the the or the the to Press the the the the switch the RGBCMY RGB Advanced Iris the the Remote Correction Edge Brightness of or to the from the To items that while the connected C Press the to the Not Z8150NL The following while the displayed.
To the of the the the or the buttons the and the Projected the of the the the Remote The shifted to the of the projected when the directly front of the Press the the the of the the three Procedure or Release and the of the to the of the the to the continuously. the to The when both the and The within which the shown below. the the the Remote
To the the the or the arrow buttons the back of the as shown below. the Projected Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL: Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL: the to the the to vertically. the The of the to both the to the vertically, the and when the of C the the or the back of the the Press the the or the the back of the displayed the Procedure Focusing the Press the the or the the back of the the Procedure
the Projected arrow buttons the back of the as shown below. To the the or the There four of correcting as This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Corner" Corner below. Correcting Distortion the Projected C the the or the back of the independently. You easy buttons This allows to manually the and Corner to the and corrections the the of the with its front and the of the Projected of the caused or of the Correction" Correction
the the Select Correction" and then the the Procedure Corner Corrects which partially, or the when from Correction" Correction the the Remote the Select the correction from Correction while Correction the The Corner, Correction, and Correction Corner, Correction, and Correction to when buttons pressed, to connecting or other and correction
the buttons the to the to and then the C the the or the and Press the to the selection from Select Corner", and then the which of the four corners.
Corner the correction to from Correction from the to selecting the displayed. the If the about seconds while correcting Correction the when the to the the with Corner, the displayed. to when the and correction and the and as to corners. To the the the and or the the Select to the of Corner as shown the screenshot below, the If the the the further that buttons the to the and and rections Press the This from Correction the Procedure
corrected to of Correcting to the the Projected corrected to of to Correcting the buttons least second, the of correction and If the or the correctly. the of the to the below. buttons least second, the of correction and If the The to the
the Projected the become the The correction properly correction. about the when the The to the top or Press the and the below appears, of the and corners. Correction" and the with the or to the Corner" Correct the using Corner to precisely the the Select Correction" and then the the Procedure the the Remote Correction
To the the the and or the the the the to and then the buttons the to C the the or the and as shown the screenshot below, the If the the the further that selecting corner, the to the corner. If the while the that to the
the Projected to as to Press the to to the previous If the about seconds while correcting with Correction, the following displayed. the to the correction Select to the of Correction
three the the the Quality the Quality Advanced from the Advanced Select and the correction while the The Saturation, and Brightness each of the (red), C and (yellow) The the following Advanced RGBCMY Saturation, and Brightness Advanced from the Select and the correction the the of the bluish If the while the that to the the of the Brightness the of the the become oversaturated. selected, reduce the brightness of the to selected, the of become the
the Quality The the input and its the correction based reference to inch DICOM SIM to from the If than inches, If than inches, the correctly to and specifications. If the while the that to the the the to the where to the brightness, and the while the using the while the If the while the that to the
the Quality The displayed the following Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only) The and to intermediate clumsy-moving such as when which to smooth-moving You The displayed the following If the while the that to the the the of the If to Reduction There of reduction Reduction NR Reduction Normal High You the of or to them. You the of or You related to Reduction (reduce of
the Quality The displayed the following Reduction It recommended that this to when which such as You reduce the that with The displayed the following NR NR
flow the function to the of The following of follows the the Preparation Flow the of brightness and tone the of There of from to from each (Edge to the ID and the ID the of the the function the Projecting from each and creating the they the to match the from each the function to with GPU that or (VGA, or that Edge to the to the DVI, HDMI, and Edge ID/Remote ID the to only the with matching ID. This operating of the from the the ID ID the and the when switch the of the to
Operation using the that within the operating of the of Select ID", and then the IDs when the ID to or the ID to Remote to from the the ID. the ID C Select of of the from to to as the ID and then the button. "Multi-Projection" from the the and the Procedure Remote Press the to the the following to the ID. Checking the ID
the ID switch to On. Procedure the ID the ID switch to On. Procedure to match the ID of the to While holding the [ID] to "Checking the ID" while holding the [ID] the Remote Remote the buttons, the ID the It about three seconds. Once this the that operated the
Corrects which partially, or the top of the and the of intersection the right, or to when from Correction to them and the ID retained. the The ID the the to the (ID0). the Select Correction" and then the the Procedure the of the from the that the physical the and as as to the amount of correction Corner, Correction, H/V to the of the Remote shift/Zoom Corner Correction from correction displayed as (aspect ratio and and without or reduced the and least the right turning the The displayed to the without connecting Correction from the of the when to the the thinner which and the of the
Select Correction", and then the C Select and then the According to the selected the selection Select and then the the Select of or and then the Press the to to the If the about seconds while selecting the the displayed. Select to the of Correction the to the to correct, then the You the of the the Remote
the following the Edge to the and the Edge Function Press the to the Remote On to to the function. to when from Edge Function this the of the to appears indicating the where the of the of and You the to to of the Edge/Right Top Edge/Bottom Edge Brightness Correct. the of the Correct. (G/R) the tone of the to or brighter than the and the the to the brightness. Black You from three Curve To to another the to turn to the previous then and If the while the of the that to the the to the correction On to to the of the Correct. (B/Y) the tone of the to bluish or yellowish. the to Checking the
Select Edge and then the C Turn "Edge You from three Colors Function Select the and then the Select On and then the Select On and then the Press the Press the the "Multi-Projection" from the Press the and the Procedure Remote Select Top Edge Edge Right Edge or Edge and then the button. If the clear, the of the the Colors Select and then the Select On and then the Press the Select "Edge and then the
Select Black and then the the necessary. The should that the appears the of where the the of the Brightness Correct. the of the Correct. (G/R) the tone of the to or Correct. (B/Y) the tone of the to bluish or yellowish. Press the If the while Brightness Correct., Correct. (G/R), or Correct. (B/Y), the item that to manually the brightness and tone of each the and tone match completely and that the from each match closely. correction. to Match Colors Multi-Projection If the while the that to the Select from choices, and then the Select Curve and then the Press the button. Curve". Press the
the Partly the following the to the and then the the Select the Procedure Remote Correct. (G/R) the tone to or the of the when the brightness of each Brightness Brightness Correct. the brightness. Function If the of brighter than the of the the Black Correct. (B/Y) the tone to bluish or yellowish. Select and then "On".
the as Normal the resized, aspect C Select and then the the with the and allows to both selecting Vertically" or Horizontally". and vertically the You Select of the and then the The the that selected the aspect the to matched, such as when matching top this while the The on-screen and the of the and or and right
You turning the on/off and switching the input as the the specified the specified or lected items the as operations the Selecting from the top and and of the and You from the the Remote function. from the Press the and the Procedure the the Remote To then C Select the Complete and then You to the
or New the Clock You the of displayed. You to Clock Function Clock the to the daylight DST On to to the through the from Coordinated Universal (UTC) the the the Function operation of the when the executed. the and to the the IP On whether or to the Daylight Function Daylight the and to the DST the and to the DST and the daylight the the DST
input or the BNC input from connected to other and RGB from connected to the displayed. Connecting to Connecting to The when the such as the or to the Connected with commercially 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting LAN LAN LAN Connecting LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN Connecting to when the using the with the and the the You You to the Connecting Connected with
Optional and the interface cover. Procedure Optional and the when necessary. If or the and malfunction. and Attaching the Unit the the function to and the If or the of the to the with or the screw. screw While the interface cover switch, the Z8255NL/Z8455WUNL only.) interface cover straight
Optional and C the of the and counterclockwise. the front cover. Once released, the straight or the when the facing or the Attaching the screw. screw Z8255NL/Z8455WUNL only.) C the straight the screws.
Optional and Accessories clockwise locked. that the While holding the firmly, the the straight the insertion section with the white the top. Procedure
Optional and the interface cover. the screws. C C the front cover. If the without the and the and malfunctions or the of the with the the front cover the the cover the Tighten the screw. the screw. screw the Z8255NL/Z8455WUNL only.) the cover the
Optional and the LAN the LAN Unit (V12H418P12) the interface cover. Procedure Wireless LAN Wireless LAN On the to (The the wireless LAN to the the On Reading the wireless LAN There wireless LAN the and the LAN the screw. screw the While the interface cover switch, the Z8255NL/Z8455WUNL only.) interface cover straight
Optional and and Removing the Interface Cover Flashing Wireless LAN the screw. screw the Z8255NL/Z8455WUNL only.) Procedure Removing connected to the connected to the The Wireless LAN and connected to the connected to the The Wireless LAN connected or the Wireless LAN the LAN The LAN connected to the and connected to the The LAN
Optional and the cover the While the interface cover switch, the interface cover straight C Tighten the screw. screw the Z8255NL/Z8455WUNL only.) the top cover when ejecting the connected upward. the cover when ejecting the connected Procedure Attaching
Optional and mounting the the the and the foot covers appearance. the the Procedure the foot covers.
Optional and Product V13H010L73 (ELPLP73) Optional Accessories and Product V12H004M06 throw (ELPLM06) V12H004S04 (ELPLS04) V12H004L07 throw (ELPLL07) The following optional and Optional Accessories V12H004W04 (ELPLW04) V12H004M07 throw (ELPLM07) V12H004R04 Rear (ELPLR04) V12H003B25 Mount Bracket V12H003B26 Mount Bracket with ELPSL01 security V12H005C28 V12H007T16 IR V12H418P12 Wireless LAN Product V13H134A23 V13H010L72 one-pack (ELPLP72)
the below to increases with which and whether the with or other the Projection the Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL and Projection Screen and Projection Ratio Throw Ratio or to to inches (ELPLS04) to inches (ELPLW04) to to inches throw (ELPLM07) to to inches throw (ELPLM06) to to inches throw (ELPLL07) to inches Rear (ELPLR04) Ratio Throw Ratio or to to inches (ELPLS04) to inches (ELPLW04) Z8350WNL to to inches throw (ELPLM06) to inches Rear (ELPLR04)
and to to inches throw (ELPLM07) Ratio Throw Ratio or Ratio Throw Ratio or to to inches (ELPLS04) to to inches throw (ELPLL07) Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL to to inches throw (ELPLM07) to inches (ELPLW04) to to inches throw (ELPLM06) to inches Rear (ELPLR04) to to inches throw (ELPLL07)
when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. Supported VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input. Supported Refresh Rate Refresh Rate VGA SVGA Supported RGB) Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL WSXGA+ XGA WXGA WXGA+ Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA WXGA++ SXGA when selected as the from the Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only. Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only. when
Supported Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only) from SDI input Refresh Rate from HDMI1/2 input Refresh Rate XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ WUXGA WXGA++ WXGA WXGA+ Only when VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input. Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL only.
Supported Explanation Item RSA Encryption (PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS) Supported to characters) MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes Common Optional MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes Explanation Item PKCS, P12 PKCS#12 Supported RSA Encryption to characters) Explanation Item Supported MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes HTTP) DER/CER/PEM RSA Encryption Explanation Item PKCS, P12 PKCS#12 Supported
Specifications Specifications inches (W) inches (H) (D) including and Z8150NL Z8250NL/Z8255NL Z8350WNL Z8450WUNL/ Z8455WUNL Product TFT active Specifications White light light (ISO XGA (W) (H) light Normal White light (ISO light Normal White light (ISO WXGA (W) (H) light Normal White light (ISO Light (brightness) WUXGA (W) (H) ECO Light UHE ECO Light ECO Light to about hours to about hours (Normal to about hours (ECO to 3.5A 100-240V AC 100-240V AC to 4.3A supply (Normal (ECO
Specifications (Communication On), (Communication On), (Communication (Normal (ECO to (Communication On), (Communication High to On when using the (Communication On), (Communication to to (Normal (ECO to United States: FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 CE EMC Directive (2004/108/EC), IEC (CE ICES-003 Class B, CSA C22.2 and to to 60C) to to 50C (including
Specifications The specifications when attached. optional attached, the with the optional Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness to Normal and to 113F to 45C) when to Normal and to 104F to 40C) when The operating to 122F to 50C) when The operating to 113F to 45C) when to Normal of to to to Normal of to to Z8150NL Z8250NL/Z8255NL Z8350WNL tors 5BNC BNC input 1BNC input Z8450WUNL/ Z8455WUNL Product 1BNC SDI input HDMI HDCP HDMI1 input HDMI HDCP HDMI2 input USB A) DIN input Wireless LAN USB RS-232C Remote RJ-45 LAN
Specifications USB supported. the of USB guaranteed. of the shown the or
Appearance Appearance Units: inches of from of to
This section easily that with the and that the text of this to other publications. and international that and DICOM AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the AMX Discovery of this assigns IP to to Network. DHCP this technology, and to the function (ON). the AMX copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI input protected HDCP with this because the HDMI input with HDCP. the HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and to protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following HDTV of or or Aspect Ratio of Interface. The with both SD-SDI Definition) and HD-SDI (High Definition) SDI Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV which the and to to that of and C to connected to Network. IP Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the to
type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA Protected the as of easily and wireless LAN. WPS Protected type of with of that IBM computers. XGA (Aspect Aspect Ratio of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without using This (router) to wireless LAN which through (Gateway Address) Gateway The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of This that the of the network from the IP household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the brightness and together. The type of commonly that the to which the and to to that of three and of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the synchronized, blurriness, and The from If the match this the interference
of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and Refresh Rate of whereby the from from top to to This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
Notes Notes to to XP, and and of this the operating to as XP," and Furthermore, the to with the Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations this the operating to as OS OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. OS OS OS OS OS offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Recycling the when the The bright light Instructions
Notes the its while to or the or back than that the or vertically, the correctly and to the yourself. people should the to the when or specified correction. from turning and crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or mount, to the screws from and or and batteries, and other than those specified this the as as they and the using the of to heat or and them to the of the If the of the cleaned which If mount and apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the the following that the and correct, of types, If the with cloth. If them immediately. the where to or the the becomes of to regulations. these of the reach of and If the mounted should technicians using mounting with this the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that Incorrect of and which fire, or of the containing to or that to such as the or of the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. Also, when mounting the the to through the to from cleaning. cleaners, or such as thinner or the where to or humidity. the where to or of through the or the or heavy the and fire. of the fire or shock.
the from the and servicing to service the following If normally If the the country where purchased, only the that with the If the country the and the They and the from overheating. If the the the Doing and to the the or sunlight of Doing If the or or If or the or to or If covers the as specifically this to or the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the when follow the operating instructions, or performance; If or from the the when the outlet where the easily cords, or the This fire or shock. or the where high and or where the You to clean the and or to cool the least of the and the the shock. the high-voltage wires or of the closed-in the where might subjected to or shock. other than where purchased the that country. or covers to and other or the of or or the housing the its repairs to service to the Notes
the following when the the with the the the when the to the when to with these fire or The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the that become or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. or the or to impacts. to the while the where the shock. Notes the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. while the attached. Heat the cover to and the cover If the the to the from or with or mouth. If to the immediately the off the and least (This with Health and WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, to the State of California to or other the cover to the when the to the from becoming or or with or mouth, immediately. the of such as candle, or the hour to allow the to cool completely. the with burned. following.)
or should this to including or related to please own this high reliability/safety such as related to this high reliability/safety such as and to and reliability. this Notes Restriction of FCC to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the there that interference installation. If this interference to or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Increase the the and receiver. or the following United States The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If the authority to the WARNING:
Notes This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes The following acts the Wireless Telegraphy Act: and (including the the of Telegraphy Regulations This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR the of the GPL years the of of this The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL If to the of the GPL as the the GNU PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The of GPL GNU GPL Software Copyright
Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and The software to freedom to and the GNU to of the Software Foundations software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software of software, to to that the freedom of such whether or fee, the the rights that You rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This to to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. covered the GNU instead.) You apply to to of the software, or the software or of free and that know these things. The GNU as follows. You the GNU of this allowed. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE EPSON the software. wireless_tools patches Preamble Notes software and its to know that what they the that introduced Also, each authors protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the others the authors
Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyones This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably translated another translation included without the as the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the interactive normally such based the to If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as You or of the or of based the and and such You and of the as that conspicuously and You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION You the to that the and the of the of warranty; and other of the of this with the or the of Section that of these licensed as whole charge to third the of this The and copying, and follow. the Whether that what the or Notes
of another based the with the (or with based the of You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and The the of the to the it associated interface the to and of the However, as the distributed include that normally distributed or or the and terminate rights this who or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to (or based the of this to and its and copying, or and only received the or with such offer, with Subsection You or the as this otherwise to You to this nothing to or the with the and of the operating which the that Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed or rights, from this their terminated as such or the other the of this the of or based the software or, software or, that of the following: the or based the Notes
the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright redistribute the (or based the the from the to of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section to the of software distributed through that of that it to Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the this. the of the free of of software and of the and or the to these terms and You further the of software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; If of this section or the of the section to apply and the The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this who the this geographical those countries, that If, as of or of or other reason to then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the the author/ to or willing to software through other and that choice. specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this the rights You third to this to the to or section as whole to apply other from of the of software generally. Notes NO WARRANTY
AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. Notes If and to of the to the the to this to free software which Copyright (C) year of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. free software, and to redistribute type If the interactive, this when it interactive Software Foundation; of the or option) information to and to the and of what MA USA. everyone redistribute and these to Apply These Terms to New Copyright (C) of author> END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You should as or to "copyright the necessary. This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU Inc., copyright the (which written These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever the of the LGPL years the of of this The GNU as follows. You the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL If to the of the LGPL as the PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU of Coon>, instead of this of the LGPL SDL-1.2.13 GNU LGPL Notes GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. February
[This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the The software to freedom to and the GNU freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they them with the to the and them these they their To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the to and from the ordinary this Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary that they, or the If other with the library, to the rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to of software, to freedom of to that the with library, whether or shared library, the of the of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU the should know that what they the that the authors reputation affected To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software the software and of and that that these things. to of the or to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. The other with the library. the to based the below. with the freedom of specified this to those nonfree that introduced others. and/or the library. Preamble rights. Notes
this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free Although the protective of the users that the of that with the to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its other to non-free greater of people to of software. this there to the free to free software only, the the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. the operating Notes library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with "Source the of the to library, the other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the You and of the Librarys as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and "library" of software and/or as to with (which of This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized The and and follow. to the based the distributed the terms of this "this as associated interface the to and of the library. and/or translated another translation included without the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. those functions and to to
when the facility then to that, the supply such of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) Once this that the ordinary GNU to and If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as function to that of the Therefore, You or of the or of based the Library, and and such You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to licensed charge to third the terms of this or the of Section that of these function or the facility operates, and whatever of its the other the of this the of or collective based the Library. The software library. function from that other these notices. Notes You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the which distributed the of Sections and software This option useful when to of the of the that library.
that of of the Library, to with the or with If of offering to from then offering to the from the that the Library" with the that of the of the that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the the to the though third to the with the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this library. The threshold this to precisely Notes If such and and and functions or of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the terms of the the customers length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the and such of the Section
shared with the Library. that of the already the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection If of the offering to from offer to the specified from You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, the copyright the containing the Library. (It that the who changesthe of the the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or the rather than copying functions the and properly with machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to You that based the together with other covered the with the machine-readable the including whatever the this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other the combined with of the based the Library, with other This It that this the of other that normally the operating with the and of the operating which the that with the of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. both them and the together that that the already of these or that already this them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: to the to the otherwise permitted, and that these things: than the of this accompanying of the distributed the terms of the Sections the the Notes
You to this nothing to or the with, or the and terminate rights this who of this If as to this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the You with, or the as this otherwise to with or the to these and You further the or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this If, as of or of or other reason to or rights, from this their terminated as such who the this geographical those that (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. of the rights You third with this This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this to the to or section as whole to apply other the or based from of the Library. Notes Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation.
BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE If to incorporate of the other whose incompatible with these, write to the author THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY If library, and to of the to the software that everyone YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. to Apply These Terms to New END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS and of software generally. NO WARRANTY Notes
This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the Inc., copyright the written The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR This the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU of of each which of the copyright to the BSD as follows. of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. which the and of the copyright to the "BSD Software Foundation; of the or option) information to and to the librarys and of what MA USA BSD Software Distribution Copyright (C) of author> of Coon>, of BSD Coon, of the PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Thats there to Notes Redistribution and and with or without that the following This from software contributed to Copyright The of the University of California. rights
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to This the sixth release of the JPEG Groups free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Groups software. of and the ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. that this software please to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. You this software whatever You to and/or other with the written accompanying README of English: LEGAL ISSUES the PURPOSE. Notes
You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or NOT the of IJG authors or or publicity relating to this software or products principally, that include redistribute the as The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or included this of L. of its copyright of If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty of this software the user responsibility the authors NO CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If only distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying of from the IJG this than the This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. from This software to as "the JPEG Groups software". LIABILITY of JPEG Group". the freely acknowledge the IJG Notes
It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered owned IBM, AT&T, and Hence The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading (Since arithmetic the that without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF as there the to that Incorporated." Notes This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to of and copyright Copyright Copyright Copyright and distributed to the and as The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR This of the of this and the the that of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Andreas Copyright Inc.) If immediately following this with the following to the of Contributing Authors included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: of the PURPOSE.
July through October Copyright and distributed to There warranty interference with of the There warranty that or the through March Copyright and distributed to through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, through Copyright Inc. the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: and with the following additions to the and with the S. Raymond Bracey Tom Tom Notes
without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of the of such Notes to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the The of this printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL));
This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, The of this software that wrote the software. If this software If the would to The free without This includes the software which the following The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR If redistribute would that include the history information warranty of The written and include third-party as such, and as the software. of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. acknowledgment the would required. This or from used) (C) and to the following of of of this software. Copyright PURPOSE. Notes
Notes as follows. from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to "Source" the including to software and Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as Contribution." the copyright or authorized the copyright that the (or or Entity this TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION included or attached to the the below). and to other types. incorporated within the Work. Works thereof. Definitions.
Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within theDerivative Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The If the Work includes "NOTICE" as of its then Works that You include of otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You institute of the NOTICE informational only and the You within royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly of Copyright to the and of this each to You You copyright to and or terms and of to the terms and of this each to You Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and the and of this without or You to that You the and You other of the Work or Works of this and and the Work and such Works Source or Source or that You the following the Work otherwise with the stated this as the such Notes Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such
indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee (including to of or malfunction, or and other or that or and of included the as the copyright (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including This to the service or of the as of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to information. (Dont include the The text should the the and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE Licensed the (the this with the such of the of such APPENDIX: to apply the to such warranty or Copyright of copyright owner] END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS You of the this within third-party archives. Notes or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT the the and the WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied.
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following This distributed the that it WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Copyright Inc. rights Incorporated of the PURPOSE. Notes Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the that incorporated the or to the BSD Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following and or replicated with the of Inc. Copyright The of the University of California. and/or other with the University of California, written rights
copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. to and this software and its and without granted, that the and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. Copyright (C) M. (AT&T The author of this software M. The author of this software M. PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. written Copyright AT&T. Advanced Devices Rights Notes
This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and or publicity to of the software without written 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. representations about the of this software this or other rights AMD. This freely distributed as as the authors Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Copyright (C) C.W. (C) Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. E. White 29K Products Microsystems C.W. TX Notes
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL The of the author to or products from this software without written Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. or other rights and/or other with the Copyright Inc. rights Copyright Christopher G. THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. with Copyright (C) Christopher G. rights Inc. Notes
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, that from please or about this software to the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR Redistribution and and with or without that the following BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Copyright of USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright and/or other with the of written River rights rights Inc. CA USA Notes Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following and/or other with the
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) A. A. Chernov rights Notes THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Redistribution and and with or without that the following SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. and/or other with the Copyright rights Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. and/or other with the Copyright S.L. Copyright ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Author: S. L. C. rights S. L. Moshier Notes
Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE to and this software and its this that the INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE The of the author to or products from this software without written Redistribution and and with or without that the following BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Copyright C. without written and/or other with the distribution. Copyright Corporation POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) DJ DJ rights rights PURPOSE. Notes
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTELS TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. software, and own Copyright Barcroft and/or other with the distribution. and/or other with the THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. rights Copyright rights Barcroft Notes
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Notes SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. documentationand/or other with the Copyright IA, rights Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR Redistribution and and with or without that the following Copyright M. M. THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. rights Notes SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) A. and/or other with the A. Chernov rights Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Notes SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, Redistribution and and with or without that the following OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. and/or other with the ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the The of the to or products from this software without written and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES Redistribution and and with or without that the following THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Notes LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. and/or other with the Copyright MIPS Inc. written MIPS Inc rights
Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software The copyright of the WPA software terms and to as "WPA OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, Redistribution and and with or without that the following THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following The this with the BSD as of the WPA of of each which of the Copyright Jouni and Rights copyright to the "WPA as follows. and/or other with the of WPA without written PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WPA WPA Notes Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following and/or other with the
THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO")AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES AND OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY With to offering MPEG-4 and/or the following THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM this software without written MPEG-4 AVC: MPEG-4 ASP: Notes or of such of this prohibited without from Microsoft. This protected property rights of Microsoft. WMV/WMA (Microsoft): VC-1
THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD ("VC-1 VIDEO") AND/OR VC-1 VIDEO VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM Notes EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Other and of their respective owners. and Microsoft, NT, and or of Microsoft This includes RSA BSAFE software from RSA Security Inc. RSA of RSA Security Inc. BSAFE RSA Security Inc. or already the United States of America and other countries and areas. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. SM SM and EPSON and service of Inc. IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International WPA, WPA2 and Protected of the United States and other countries. and of Apple Inc. Corporation the United States and/or other and DNX of Inc. rights those Corporation. mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information rights of this publication reproduced, or or only with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Copyright Notice
incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Corporation or from the of options or products other than those Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Notes copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when EPSON While countries copyright Concerning of Copyrighted This information to without Inc. CPD-36305 Copyright Attribution