Product one-pack (ELPLP72) V13H010L72 (ELPLP73) V13H010L73 Switch V13H134A23 Remote ID switch assigned operation or to or of the Select to IP or EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36222R1 Printed XXXXXX Remote Turn the and off You purchase from authorized Where to this information. Select through Select (optional wireless Temporarily off Automatically the aspect ratio on-screen Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL/ Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL Reference This Reference instructions connecting and using features. the 5BNC-to-VGA BNC HDMI SDI the Z8450WUNL and Z8455WUNL only. 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F VGA
Remote Turn the Switch and off You purchase from authorized Where to this information. Select Remote ID switch assigned through or to previous Select (optional wireless or of required) Temporarily turn off the Select to IP Automatically the aspect ratio or on-screen Product one-pack (ELPLP72) V13H010L72 (ELPLP73) V13H010L73 V13H134A23 EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36222R1 Printed XXXXXX Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL Reference This Reference instructions connecting and features. the SDI the Z8450WUNL and Z8455WUNL only. 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL/ 5BNC-to-VGA BNC HDMI VGA
Switching Sources Turning the On Turn or Press the Search of the Source buttons or the Source Search the cover. Press the the light the If the Direct On function the without the or the switch the outlet to which the connected. To this the Press the or displayed the If appear, Switching Sources or Troubleshooting. the of the The of the English, as necessary. To the the Press the to the or the arrow buttons Select and Select and Select and Press the repeatedly to Press and the to to If the the turning of the Focusing the Press the or displayed the To the the or the and right arrow buttons the Press the or displayed the To reduce/enlarge the the or the and right arrow Correcting If the Direct On function the or the switch the outlet to which the connected instead. To this the or If the or the to You the to the the With to the to cool turn off or when If or the or the to You the to the the Troubleshooting If or the If light the Corner the and flashing, and the to the the the Aspect Ratio the connected correctly. the Press the Aspect the to the aspect You to the input through the Normal to the Switching Sources. the turned Other If the and the the the features (such as and to the the You information to the and (Edge when from to Press the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while pressing (such as F7 the to appear. Turning the OS Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the checkbox. Press the to the off. At the the 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support where and and troubleshooting or to To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Turning the On Turn or the cover. Press the the light the ready. function Direct On If the turn the without the or the switch the outlet to which the connected. To this the If appear, Switching Sources or Troubleshooting. the of the The of the English, as necessary. to the Press the and Select and Select Select and to Focusing the Correcting Switching Sources or If Press the or the the or the Search Press the Source of the buttons or the Source Search to You the to the the If or the or the to You the to the the To the the or the and right arrow buttons If Corner Press the or the to the the the Aspect Ratio Press the Aspect the to the aspect the Press the or the input through the Normal to the To the the Other or the arrow the (such as and to the the You information to the and (Edge when from to widescreen To the the or the and right arrow Press the repeatedly to Press and the to If the the turning of the Turning the Press the to the off. At the the 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B If the Direct On function the or the switch the to which the connected instead. To this the With to the to it off or when Troubleshooting If or the light the the and flashing, and the cover the connected correctly. the You to the Switching Sources. the turned If the and the the Press the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. OS Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the checkbox. Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support where and and troubleshooting or to To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Focusing the Switching Sources Press the or displayed the Search Press the buttons Source of the Source or the Search To the the or the and right arrow buttons Press the or displayed the the Press the or displayed the To the the or the arrow buttons To the the or the and right arrow buttons Press the repeatedly to Press and the to If the the turning of the Turning the On Turn or the cover. Press the the light the ready. function Direct On If the turn the without the or the switch the outlet to which the connected. To this the If appear, Switching Sources or Troubleshooting. the of the The of the English, as necessary. to the Press the and Select and Select Select and to Correcting Shape Where to If the Direct On function the or the switch the outlet to which the connected instead. To this the or If information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. the or the to You the to the the With to the to cool off or when If or the or the to You the to the the Troubleshooting (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support where and and troubleshooting or If or the If light the Corner the and flashing, and the to the the to To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or the Aspect Ratio the connected correctly. the the Aspect Press the to the aspect You to the input through the to Normal the Switching Sources. the turned Other If the and the the the (such as and to the the You information to the and (Edge when from to hours AM to PM through and AM to PM Press the function that It CRT/LCD or such as and hours of to without or charges apply. You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Turning the OS Preferences and the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Press the to turn the off. At the the 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B
Remote Turn the and off You purchase from authorized Where to this information. Select through Select (optional wireless required) Temporarily off Automatically the aspect ratio on-screen Product one-pack (ELPLP72) V13H010L72 (ELPLP73) V13H010L73 Switch V13H134A23 Remote ID switch assigned user or to previous or of the Select to IP or EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36222R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F Z8150NL/Z8250NL/Z8255NL/ Z8350WNL/Z8450WUNL/Z8455WUNL Reference This Reference instructions and features. the BNC HDMI SDI the Z8450WUNL and Z8455WUNL only. 5BNC-to-VGA VGA