97H/98H/99WH/955WH/965H using the the instructions the the Choose from the following the sections below or the USB HDMI VGA USB the of USB to the USB-B the of the to USB XP or turning the follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software EMP_UDSE.EXE first If the software automatically, or then EPSON_PJ_UD OS or higher turning the the USB appears the Double-click USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software first of VGA to the Computer1 or Computer2 and the other to If switch to Troubleshooting). You HDMI of HDMI to the HDMI1 or HDMI2 and the other to HDMI Wired You the to using Ethernet wired instructions. and the Source Search the or to switch them. RCA HDMI to VGA USB or DC-06 USB USB or DC-06 to the USB-A USB If USB or USB the PC You other to the the smartphones, and other that the MHL to the HDMI2/MHL MHL or MHL Not or functions supported. information. and microphone You or microphone to to the Turn Turn or the The light the the A/V the Press the the or The and the light flashes and then To the the then You to the to cool The of the English. To another the the or Select and Select and Press the to the and the If the Source Search the or the to the If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to or reduce the Turn the to the If or the off to of the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If cant the the to the that or the or the to the the as shown AA batteries) Turn and off Access Turn off to information using the the wirelessly Follow the to the wireless You the optional wireless LAN V12H418P12). To the wireless LAN first the screw as shown. the wireless LAN to the USB-A To wireless of the following: If using the optional USB only, V12H005M09), the LAN the SSID and IP information the the wireless LAN and the to the USB-A the displayed the and to USB Follow the instructions to the then the wireless LAN to the USB-A the If the with the the Choose which to
USB or DC-06 USB flash USB or DC-06 USB-A to the If USB or USB the PC You other to the the USB HDMI VGA smartphones, and other that the MHL HDMI2/MHL to the or MHL Not or functions supported. information. and microphone You or microphone to to the Turn Turn or the The light the the A/V the RCA HDMI to VGA 97H/98H/99WH/955WH/965H the the instructions the the Choose from the following the sections below or the USB USB-B the of USB to the the of the to USB turning the follow the on-screen XP or only EMP_UDSE.EXE USB software instructions to the first If the software automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD then or turning the the USB OS or higher and follow USB appears the Double-click the on-screen instructions to the USB software first Computer2 or Computer1 of VGA to the and the other to If switch to Troubleshooting). You HDMI HDMI2 or HDMI1 of HDMI to the and the other to HDMI Wired You the to Ethernet wired instructions. the Source Search and the or to switch them. Press the the or The and the light flashes and then USB To the the then You to the to The of the English. To another the the or Select and Select and Select Press the to the and the MHL If the Source Search the or the to the If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to or reduce the Turn the to the If or the off to of the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If cant the the to the that or the or the to the the as shown AA Turn and off Access Turn off to information using the the wirelessly Follow the to the wireless You the optional wireless LAN V12H418P12). To the wireless LAN first the screw as shown. the wireless LAN to the USB-A To wireless of the following: If using the optional Wireless USB only, V12H005M09), the LAN the SSID and IP information the the wireless LAN and the to the USB-A the the and to USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the then the wireless LAN to the USB-A the If using the with the the Choose which to
the wireless LAN cover and using the screw Press the the the Network and Choose Network and Select the Wireless LAN and Choose to or smartphone) or Advanced to router or then finished, to to the Wireless LAN If chose the Advanced SSID and (SSID) the that appears. To or character, the arrow buttons the to highlight then To switch and lowercase CAPS and To the SYM1 or SYM2 and finished the SSID, and If chose the Advanced IP and If assigns automatically, DHCP If off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To numbers, the arrow buttons the to highlight then the finished highlight then Press To the SSID and IP from appearing the the SSID and IP to finished selecting the LAN If the to the Security and Then and when finished. Select Complete and then and to network software instructions. wired Follow the to wired the and the Press the the the Network and Select Network and the and Select the and to characters to the the to characters. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the characters and to them. the information Select the Wired LAN and Choose IP and If assigns automatically, turn the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as Then To the IP from appearing the the IP to finished, Complete and then to Press the to the software instructions. software the Network Projection software each that the the CD Software to the instructions and software, the to the Network If the Network Projection from the CD or to the as the right. To and the and the software and from the You to the from the CD or to the as the right To from or and the iProjection (U.S.) or information. Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to switch to the necessary. If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while pressing (such as F7 the to appear. If Preferences and Click the and the Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. Telephone services To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or to and offers. You the CD included with or epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or EPSON, and and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. OS and of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc., Printed XXXXXX CPD-42065
To the SSID and IP from appearing the IP and SSID the to finished selecting the Wireless LAN If the to the and Security Then and when finished. and Complete and then to software instructions. wired Follow the to using the and the the the Press the Network and and Network Select and Select the and to Select the characters to the the to characters. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the characters and to them. information the and Wired LAN Select the and IP Choose the wireless LAN cover and the screw Network the the Press the and and Network Choose and LAN Select the Choose Advanced to or smartphone) or to router or then to to the Wireless LAN finished, SSID If chose the Advanced and (SSID) the that appears. To or character, the arrow the to highlight then CAPS To switch and lowercase and and SYM2 or SYM1 To the and finished the SSID, and IP If chose the Advanced If DHCP If assigns automatically, and IP and the DHCP off as Gateway To numbers, the arrow buttons the to highlight then the finished then highlight Press If assigns automatically, the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as Then To the IP from appearing the the IP to finished, Complete and then to Press the to the software instructions. software the EasyMP Network software each that the the CD Software to the instructions and network software, the to the Network If the Network Projection from the CD or to the as the right. To and the and the software and from the You to the from the CD or to the as the right To from or and the iProjection (U.S.) or information. Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to switch to the necessary. If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. If Preferences and Click the and the Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. Telephone services To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or to and offers. You the CD included with or epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or EPSON, and and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. OS and of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc., Printed XXXXXX CPD-42065