Short Throw Wall Mount ELPMB24
Instructions the instructions this the mount. Incorrect that instructions this the mount or or property this reference. and Instructions of and follow the instructions these Explanation of The warning shown below throughout this to or property these when reading this Warning Precautions The mount the mount when transporting or carrying to The should specialists who technical knowledge and or incorrect the mount to and or property the office the of when the mount. Turn off the when the mount. Working with the turned fire or shock. the Incorrect fire or shock. the following when the with that or the with too force when routing the through the thing than the the Doing the to and or property the with this mount, the enough to the and this mount. of reinforced or recommended. Confirm the of the and the mount, and the of the If the enough strength, the the mount where might subjected to or shock. or shock to the or mounting It the mount or the to and or property the mount to the of the and the mount, and to M8 and and than M8 the mount to responsibility or caused incorrect The should least service If to screws while to the mount. If the mount or the or property This information that, possibly or death to incorrect This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect indicating action that indicating action that should Warning
the mount when Doing the to and or property the mount. the mount. heavy the mount. It the mount If the or the or property using this mount and the office the of when the following The mount and/or The about to If to the screws from or things such as or the mount, the crack and this the to It or property or to or the mount. Tighten screws If the screws properly tightened, the to and or property the and installation. Confirm that the screws become If the screws firmly. If the screws properly the to and or property where the high. High fire or shock. where there of or where with or such as cooking or These fire or shock. the of this mount or the with force. Too force the mount and or property This mounting This mount throw 410W. to the Mount the to the where the mount the mount where might subjected to or shock. It to the or mounting It this mount or the to and serious or death. the from other such as lights or conditioning. of lights with the of the It recommended to than to reduce the the mount where there and to the or from becoming dirty. the mount where the operating might exceeded. This type of the Warning English
Specifications Arm to to rotation to to to rotation Projection Units: (inches) English of the
and Projection to the below and the mount and to with The as The recommended to to Aspect ratio Interactive whiteboard (A) FX-63 Promethean SMART FX-77 RM ClassBoard Promethean TS610 TS610 Interwrite Interwrite SMART Promethean TS810 Aspect ratio Interactive whiteboard Projection (A) TS410 RM ClassBoard Interwrite Product the or of their respective owners. **Allow least the top of the whiteboard and the of the of the Projection Units: (inches) (B) (B)
Assembly and to follow the below to the mount. If these the mount and or property The of this mount and the approximately the installation, the and of the and the to the to the the to the M8 anchor than or than the of the plate from the of the whiteboard. the below. Allow least the top of the whiteboard and the of the If the of used, to the the You the anchor or the as shown below. the anchors or least three If four four or four as shown below. Warning the the with this mount, the enough to the and this mount. of reinforced or recommended. Confirm the of the and the mount, and the of the If the enough strength, the the mount to the of the and the mount, and to M8 and and than M8 the mount to responsibility or caused incorrect of the Three mounting mounting of the whiteboard English
the to the the through the as shown below. the the plate to the the to the and the the plate temporarily M8 head Attaching the to the the the to the the wrench (M4) and M4 Warning If to the screws from or things such as or the mount, the crack and this the to It or property or to or the mount. Tighten the screws firmly. M4 head Arm plate Arm Wall plate of the plate M8 head
the the mount the the as shown below. the temporarily using M4 as shown below. M4 head washer the of the the screw the arm. the of the using the the to match the recommended and Projection the temporarily the screw top. Connecting the and other to the plate English
Turning the and the the screws the (A, B, C, and D) as shown below to the If the or the screws (E) the of the The when the screws and when them. Screw A: to Screw B: to Screw C: rotation to Screw D: to Screw E: to the screws the plate and the wrench (M4 and M8). Warning Tighten screws firmly. If the screws firmly, the to and or property C C the screws. Arm plate
Attaching the protective covers the plate cover, cover, and cover using the wrench (M4) and M4 Arm cover cover should or the including and repairs. of instructions and repairs. Warning the and installation. Confirm that the screws become If the screws firmly. If the screws firmly, the to and or property the mount. heavy the mount. It the mount If the or the or property Wall plate cover Wall cover English
toutes incorrecte instructions Explication incorrecte service incorrecte fiche tomber fixation Un conserver chocs. fixation boulons M8. boulons M8, tomber. toute installation. tomber informations incorrecte. informations incorrecte. action action
tomber tomber, service tomber. tout boulons force 410W. tous chocs. Nous recommandons type
M4 (M4, M8) boulons fournis type boulons. fixation M8 ELPMB24 M4 M8
tableau d'information FX-63 Promethean SMART FX-77 RM ClassBoard Promethean TS610 TS610 Interwrite Interwrite Interwrite SMART Promethean TS810 PolyVision TS410 RM ClassBoard Interwrite Tableau interactif (A) Tableau interactif (A) (B) (B)
tomber, fixation M8 tableau tableau tableau fixation fixation Un conserver fixation boulons M8. boulons M8, tomber. toute tableau
Fixation boulons M8 Fixation (M4) boulons M4 M4 M8
boulons M4 M4
(A, B, C D) (E) A: B: C: D: E: (M4 M8). toutes C C
Fixation caches protection caches protection (M4) boulons M4 d'informations boulons tomber,
Fachpersonal Brand Brand Wand, Installation. M8 Installation. Informationen, Tod Informationen,
Arm Ist hoher Brand . Brand Wand. Tod
(M4 (M8 (M4 (M4, M8) Wandplatte (M8 ELPMB24 Wandplatte
Format (A) FX-63 Promethean SMART FX-77 RM ClassBoard Promethean TS610 TS610 Interwrite Interwrite Interwrite SMART Promethean TS810 Format (A) TS410 RM ClassBoard Interwrite Wandplatte (B) (B)
Installationsmethoden. Wandplatte Wandplatte (M8 (M8 Wandplatte Wandplatte Format Wand, Wand. Installation. M8 Installation. Wandplatte
Wandplatte Armplatte Armplatte Wandplatte Armplatte (M8 mithilfe (M4) (M4 Armplatte Wandplatte (M8 (M4
(M4 (M4 Arm. Arms Armposition
(A, B, C D), Bildschirmposition Format (E) Armplatte Arm A: B: C: D: E: Armplatte mithilfe (M4 M8) C C Armplatte
mithilfe (M4) (M4 Fachpersonal Ist
o o o Assicurarsi o o o Un o Non Non o Non o o Non o o o o o M8. o o o che, o che, o
Non o Non o o o o o rompersi fisiche o Non o o fisiche o Non fisiche o Non o Non o o o o o fisiche o 410W. Non o o o fisiche o o o Non
M4 M8 M4 Chiave (M4, M8) fornite Non M8 ELPMB24
Specifiche
FX-63 Promethean SMART FX-77 RM ClassBoard Promethean PolyVision TS610 TS610 Interwrite Interwrite Interwrite SMART Promethean TS610 TS610 RM ClassBoard marchi o marchi (A) (A) (B) (B)
fisiche o M8 o formato o o o M8. o
M8 (M4) M4 M4 o o rompersi fisiche o Non o o M8
M4 M4
(A, B, C D), formato o (E) C (M4 M8). fisiche o C C
(M4) M4 Non o o o
pared. o Conserve proyector o o o oficina proyector proyector proyector o o o proyector hace, o proyector proyector o Confirme proyector pared. o o proyector o o proyector o proyector tornillos M8. tornillos M8 o tornillos o proyector o o incluso o
hace, o proyector o o oficina proyector o tornillos o o romperse proyector o o tornillos tornillos proyector o tornillos tornillos tornillos proyector o o o o o o proyector Un o proyector pared. proyector 410W. o proyector o o proyector o proyector o proyector. fin o proyector. proyector.
proyector Tornillo M4 (M4 M8) tornillos tornillos M8 pared. ELPMB24 Tornillo M4 Tornillo M8
proyector aspecto FX-63 Promethean SMART FX-77 RM ClassBoard Promethean TS610 TS610 Interwrite SMART Promethean TS810 aspecto TS410 RM ClassBoard Interwrite o pared. interactiva interactiva (A) (A) (B) (B)
o proyector pared. M8 o pared. anterior. proyector o o o B, proyector proyector o Confirme proyector pared. proyector tornillos M8. tornillos M8 o
Conecte pared. pared. tornillos hexagonales M8 proyector proyector boca Conecte proyector (M4) tornillos M4 Tornillo M4 proyector tornillos o o romperse proyector o o Tornillo M8 proyector
proyector proyector proyector tornillos M4 Tornillo M4 proyector tornillo tornillo proyector
proyector tornillos (A, B, C D), o tornillos (E) tornillos Tornillo Tornillo Tornillo C: Tornillo Tornillo E: tornillos (M4 M8). tornillos proyector o C C tornillos
pared, (M4) tornillos M4 o proyector, tareas o proyector tornillos tornillos tornillos proyector o proyector o o
SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights Printed