Graphics
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and CCD and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-18062R1 Copyright Notice
The 10000XL professional to the of graphic arts professionals and business graphics users. With II the of and Achieving to with the 10000XL of the its class. About with these features: with and highlight and and Easy-to-use software with three tailored to (Home, Office, and Professional) Optional (included with the 10000XL and optional that and USB and IEEE and optional Network interface
More Information There to learn about 10000XL to the and where to The to and its software. It about of features. This instructions using EPSON Scan, with information and troubleshooting Reference Reference included Software CD-ROM. This the instructions to already. instructions information about EPSON Scan software, the The that with include on-screen Additional Photoshop ABBYY and LaserSoft of the only) include PDF If further Where To Notes, and Please follow these as this Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about hints scanning.
Reference To the Reference such as or Microsoft or or Apple or If already the the instructions. TM To the the 10000XL Reference and this Click to Then to to its Click of the the of the to of then to that section of the
Welcome
Scanning This chapter instructions EPSON Scan, the software that with 10000XL. You about: the EPSON Scan and the to the of to Home, Office, and Professional Scanning directly to from EPSON Scan This section to or scanning. To scanning, To the To or the the cover and face-down the the corner, with the of the
the cover, to the If the of properly, about of inch from the of the You or the cover to thick such as albumthat the cover. the back of the straight the cover, the with the positioning and the cover EPSON Scan EPSON Scan three and and of and art, when advanced required. and to and manually the and necessary. You apply such as Restoration and Correction Office business containing text and graphics. scanning and with or without with the optional or when OCR character to You Office and recommended Professional the and Automatically and to imagesor manually including the histogram depth, brightness, and Scanning
If their Restoration. You these and choose theyre applied: Unsharp Correction, and (when with the optional Reduction. Scanning You EPSON Scan from such as Photoshop and then as below. The this chapter that EPSON Scan with You EPSON Scan to directly to the as Then follow these to EPSON Scan and Turn the and about seconds to The Ready light flashing and then choose the (or option the and 10000XL If Microsoft or XP and choose WIA-EPSON 10000XL, features Scanning
The EPSON Scan Choose from the the top of the EPSON Scan of the EPSON Scan, as the and Destination that and to Click the to of The shown right. selected the instead. to switch the and Click and within the to the to selecting the to the selected turned off the including with the selected If as thumbnail (as shown the button to the You the to the Scanning Choose
Click Scan to EPSON Scan and the to further the to or the The the of to You this (or around the It to scanning. There to the EPSON Scan and the the and corrects the of the the the white thats the You manually the of the to and other To the the below the With and this grayed-out and the option. the as thumbnails, EPSON Scan off of its light. that the EPSON Scans and increase the of the thumbnail or the instead. Scanning
Selecting the Scanning There three to the Manually To the to and the to The selected surrounded only) To around and the the If the the to apply to If to the as or with exactly the right On EPSON Scans the Destination then the to choose or and the as Once the within the off Continuous include when selecting the Scanning
and Once created and necessary. To the the within its the to and the to the to to the or To the the its or corner. the arrow and to the selection the to the proportionally. If the and appears or the to the upright. Click the to Applying the where The apply to the selected information about applying and You backlighting, or apply to as On the the of closely clicking the both the to inspect the Click the then the to the the Scanning
With the Normal (shown below), to This than of the (the within each as You each selected Copy of Select To apply the to selected once, the then Copy and buttons to or as the ready to the to the scanning; otherwise, the currently selected scanned. instructions the and them, Scanning Inactive Currently selected
Scanning With Photoshop Photoshop (included with of editing, with and instructions. Follow the below to with Photoshop This shows to photo You the and them; the as Double-click the Photoshop or Applications If the Welcome From Scratch. the and then EPSON 10000XL If or XP and choose WIA-EPSON 10000XL, You the EPSON Scan from the selection the top of the the choose Choose black-and-white Scanning
Choose Destination the only the Other to Click the and appears the Click and within the to the to and to to this selecting If necessary, the to the upright. Click the to If necessary, apply of these Brightness and Restoration Correction Click Scan to EPSON Scan and the Photoshop You Photoshop to further the to and information about Photoshop the the top of the Scanning
Creating Text With ABBYY The ABBYY software included with You of or, the optional and the text editing. You easily and as information. Follow the below to Office with ABBYY the If the optional ADF to sheets, ABBYY Click or or then the ABBYY Applications the ABBYY and then the ABBYY The ABBYY Click the Scan&Read If sheets, the arrow as shown below and Scan&Read If Then this option Scanning
You the EPSON Scan Choose Office from the the top of the EPSON Scan Choose Black&White as the the Source, If the ADF or ADF as Select as the that option or the of the and then around the of the to the If with the to the first scanning. the matches the of the Select as the Click the Scan Scanning Select Office
finishes scanning, EPSON Scan to ABBYY If the and the Threshold that the appears neither too light too Click the Choose location, and of the following text types: Microsoft Word and other text that You the arrow to the to the to Microsoft Word or information about ABBYY the the top of the as text to the text as incorporate or Professional to Scans Follow the below to or Professional This shows to You the and them; To and or the then choose the (or option the and 10000XL If or XP and choose WIA-EPSON 10000XL, features Scanning
You the EPSON Scan Professional from the the top of the You to to of the to the following the choose the to or to the Destination choose from the the highest If choose this option, (Photoshop This option increases high Smoothing to reduce without its sharpness Grayscale the highest of black-and-white or high of black-and-white or to of to Black White text or art Click or (Macintosh) to then choose or the Scanning Quality. Scanning
Choose to Click the to the Then to of Click and within the then the to of the following: If the the the to If know to the as photo), with exactly the right On the the Destination then the to choose or and the as You or (Macintosh) to options, then type the and height, or the with If to On to the If the of and to the selected turned off Continuous the of the to selected include or white around the the following the to as necessary. If turned off Continuous this to apply and the software the and (If turned clicking this Click this to the highlight, and input Correction Click this to choose tone effects or to the tone manually. Scanning
Click this to the brightness, and Click this to the of these to back to the Click information about using these options. To the appearance of from the following options: Select Unsharp to the Select to reduce or Select Restoration to the photograph. Select Correction to that too background light. Select to of information these to Click Scan to EPSON Scan and the Scanning
Scanning to With EPSON Scan To EPSON Scan to directly to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan or or EPSON Scan then the EPSON Scan Macintosh: the Applications and then EPSON Scan If installed, prompted to choose Click EPSON 10000XL and OK. Choose from the the top of the EPSON Scan of the of to these Office Professional Scanning
Click Scan You this the location where to the field, then choose type and OK If the JPEG to ratio the button. Scanning
Chapter the From This chapter information about the of and about: Selecting the Restoring and Batch of the Scanning the factors, including the of and the select. The the To the the clean, and the the You corrections software (EPSON Scan, or LaserSoft the of the photo retouching, such as Photoshop
Selecting to inch The the type of and to that third of of to If to choose of Follow the this selecting of Photograph Text with or to art to to Text OCR Newspaper to to Scaling If to to higher If the or quality. this when that to or when scanning and the From
If the match those selected or (Professional Professional try selecting that offers depth. scanning, to the to This the software choose the and that of the If there around or the the the and the and the of to the should professional with such as (included with This software ICC to and and and types. the following: EPSON Scan, then the You this Select the ICM option or ColorSync option (Macintosh). the Source, the created (If the to created specifically reflective the From
recommended that RGB as the This that and the of If Photoshop or using to match EPSON Scan and Photoshop. this Photoshop If Photoshop the to EPSON Scan, the apply the selected. to off software. the the from information using If using ICC as the following instead: EPSON Scan, then the the option to EPSON Scans built-in and Select Continuous to the and when EPSON Scan. The whenever or the Choose from to that matches If which to choose the of the From
Quality EPSON Scan includes that the of and the of of backlighting, and only) reduce the appearance of Other or when newspapers, or Restoration If or that become Restoration to their then the to Restoration Professional to the section of the and then Restoration as shown below: Restoration, to photograph as the Professional as the the of or the exactly as If necessary, the to the manually. the From
Unsharp If photographic that slightly or indistinct, them turning the Unsharp Office or Professional this and then the to Office Unsharp the section. Professional to the section and then Unsharp as shown below: Professional or and then choose to increase or the The Unsharp selected Smoothing, or Black White as the the From
If such as postcards, or newspapers, or when the to reduce the appearance of the then the to and Office the section. Professional to the section and then as shown below: Professional or (Macintosh), then choose inch) the type of scanned. The Black White selected as the or the to than You the of this the the the From
Correction If photographic that too of the with Correction. This both and Professional Professional the of correction to apply. then the to Backlight Correction the section. Professional to the section and then Correction as shown below: Professional or (Macintosh), then choose to increase or the the From
You the to of from or from the optional TPU). This both and Professional Professional the of correction to apply. scanning, the and as as from then the to the section. Professional to the section of the and then as shown: Professional or and then choose to increase or the You the of the the the From
Reduction You the Reduction to reduce the appearance of This only Professional then the to Professional to the section and then Reduction Click or and then choose to increase or the You the of Reduction the the the From
Batch Scanning and If with or the and then them once (instead of one-by-one) with EPSON Scan. This of If the of the the LaserSoft high-capacity batch scanning. the on-screen included with the software. To such as the optional ADF the cover and the to of least inch each of the If instructions the and the cover, to If the of properly, them about inch from the of the the From
the to each automatically. (To the Follow these EPSON Scan and follow the instructions or to the You or Professional Professional recommended the Click the below the to as the type of to Click the to of You this Select the From
Click and within each to the to including This EPSON Scan to apply the and To of the to (selected outlined Then the Apply or as To apply the to once, the then of the following: To Scan To scanning, clear the from to then Scan scanned. to EPSON Scan. appears as (or as Check photo to the From
Scanning With the The EPSON Scanor to another of choice. If to Photoshop EPSON Scan Photoshop If choose another EPSON Scan manually the You assign to the to which to To this, than to the To the follow the instructions below You choose which to or XP Follow these to assign to the or XP: of the following: Click and Sound or XP: Click and Other or Select and of the following: Select 10000XL and the the Account XP: Right-click the 10000XL and then the From
Click the You this the selected the Select Click this from the Apply then OK If the to listed, and then follow these If listed, the You the clicking the action the the From
follow these to the Double-click the and the Select 10000XL and the Click the You the to the right. appears the then to the to this the application(s) to assign to the Click Apply then OK to the 10000XL then OK to the and You the clicking the the the From
Chapter Optional There three options the 10000XL: Transparency (B12B813362), (B813212), Network interface (B12B808393), If the of the the included. You purchase these from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only) or www.epson.ca
Transparency Unit The (B12B813362) and inch and to inches To switch from to ordinary The optional the GA of the 10000XL. It included with the the Transparency Unit that of the following items included the If items or or the United States) or the them when Transparency (including reflective Optional of each type) Transparency
the Transparency Unit the turned off, then the from the the cover, then it straight the the that the the as shown. to the to the Unlock Optional Transparency
the the to the OPTION then its screws. the Transparency Unit using the (TPU), to the reflective and the both the and the TPU clean. the the white reflective its top and to the of the the slightly to free the the top then the the the located top of the TPU. the the and the TPU completely clean and of If necessary, cloth to clean. directly the cloth first and then the Optional
the the back of the that its the as shown. the the that with the to inch and and the its cover then the with its face-down and the inch L400 Optional
the the back of the Then the the the arrow as shown. of the to the first The of to the the and as If the closed, and to the You to Follow these the the back of the directly the with the and the the with the of the as shown. the and as the section. directly the or other than those that with the to the Optional
Scanning You or Professional choose Professional to the or Professional Negative or B&W Negative Also, to the directly the (instead of or other than those that with the If Professional follow these then choose the (or option the and 10000XL If or XP and choose WIA-EPSON 10000XL, The EPSON Scan Professional from the selection the top of the You to to of the the as and then the Negative or B&W Negative the Destination choose from the the highest If choose this option, (Photoshop This option significantly increases high Optional Select Professional to options
Smoothing to reduce without sharpness the highest of black-and-white or high of black-and-white or or (Macintosh) to options, then choose or Click the Scanning Quality. Choose to If as the type of to This each automatically, other of the selected. Click the to of Click and within each to the to including This EPSON Scan to apply the and If using the that with TPU, to the Click the (to the or to and then of the following: If directly the the the the to and then OK Optional
these the to as necessary. If turned off Continuous this to apply and the software the and (If clicking this Click this to the highlight, and input Correction Click this to choose tone or to the tone manually. Click this to the brightness, and Click this to the of these to back to the Click information about these To the appearance of from the following options: To Unsharp To reduce the appearance of Reduction To the Restoration To that too background light, Backlight Correction To of Click or to each and then choose to increase or the information about these options, Click Scan Optional
to EPSON Scan and the Scanning If to ordinary while the follow these the the reflective top first, to the white from caught the of the TPU. the the of the to Scan following the instructions Chapter the that If Professional to Reflective as Optional
The optional (B813212) feed You to or The OCR character or creating the the shown below. If items or or the United States) or Screws Screwdriver Optional used)
the The (ADF) to with this Also, the around the turned off, then the from the the cover, then straight the screws that with the ADF the the back of the then them with the included screwdriver the to the ADF as shown. Optional
Mount the ADF the screws, as shown. Warning: The ADF heavy. when the the of the screws and them the screwdriver the ADF to the OPTION then its screws. the high-speed/ low-speed switch to the high-speed scanning) as shown. the ADF. Optional
Loading the The ADF to of based of to thickness of about inch If using somewhat thicker and to as sheets. the the of the as as shown: The ADF the following of from about to pounds to U.S. International or inch) inch) inch) inch) the ADF, the or areas. or or other attached that the the (within inch of the bound. coating. Optional A3 B4 A4 B5 A5 the top
Follow these to the of If necessary, the of the then the the input first force the ADF. first the the too tightly. If to the Scan as the section. from the top and face-down, them their first Optional
Scanning You Office and business or Professional and other graphics). instructions OCR. photographs or artwork the ADF; or Instead, such items individually the To while the ADF attached, the ADF and face-down the the Source option EPSON Scan. the ADF while scanning, or Chapter instructions, and follow these the Source ADF or ADF Double-sided as the the front and back of each the (right scanning. Click the the ADF Double-sided and choose Match the of front and back If to of each the first only. Click the The first and ejected. the the to the to then (including the first Scan the the selected of and them as PDF or the or as necessary them. Click scanning, then the to as necessary. information, on-screen Reference You whose length, they the and them. the upright and to the the the first. Office the to Scan clicking the Scan Optional
Clearing If follow these to clear the ADF to where the located. If while feeding, the cover the and the from the top or to tearing them. cover Optional
If while ejecting, the cover the right and the as shown. to tearing them. the cover top of the ADF and Optional right cover
Network Interface Card This section to the optional Network interface (B12B808393) Computers the to to properly. that: Ethernet the the to the TCP/IP software the instructions) instructions the that with the instructions TCP/IP, the 10000XL Reference the Card Turn off the and the and the screws the shield to the optional interface and then the the screws and shield plate to them the Network the and its screws. the with the turned or the or the Optional
the and its the holding its RESET (to the right of the while the holding the about seconds, the and lights (to the of the turn ready to the to Connecting the to Network Turn off the Ethernet twisted-pair) to the RJ-45 the and then the other to To of the directly to instead, to the network through existing Turn the the lights the while the and lights the light Assign the IP the Network Card instructions. to the as the section. Optional
EPSON Scan Follow these to the EPSON Scan to scanning. EPSON Scan Click or to or to EPSON Scan then EPSON Scan OS X: the Applications the then EPSON Scan You this from the Select Network as the type of the Network Cards IP or the Network field. Optional
Click to the If everything properly, this If the Troubleshooting section the Network Card Click OK to ready to Chapter instructions using the EPSON Scan software. the Switching function while OS or Optional
Chapter To and that to follow the instructions these Transporting the Cleaning the the If think repairs or necessary, or Transporting the the when the or If the ADF or TPU, from the and the cover. Warning: the Turn the and about seconds to the Ready light and the off. the the back of the to the the its or with enough to the Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its Press the to the off, and the cord. the cleaning. cloth and to the to or the or This permanently them. thinner, or to the These chemicals the as as the Clean and from the with cloth microfiber cleaning cloth recommended). You cleaner. To grease, or wipes, or amount of cloth. the directly the cloth first and then the or or cleaning to the the scanning the of or from the to the
Chapter This chapter the basics and It to software, and to If the light or flashing, Checking the Lights the section to the reason. these Software Quality If to the yourself, Where To Its to to software. and to there software of charge, downloading to Downloading instructions
Checking the Lights You the lights, as below. If the and Ready light Light Ready light or The Ready light when the ready to It flashes when and Ready connected to then lights both off. the and Ready The incorrect from lights both software. If the try software and Ready lights both flashing. light If the there Clear as then covers. If this the there with the or another as
and troubleshooting scanning, or the from The Ready light or flashes. The Ready light flashes when If to finish. the securely the and the and that the turned that the and switch or If the or its connected to the OPTION back of the Then If using the loaded, and If the as You when to the and the turned If USB the that with the USB If connected to USB directly to the USB the If or or the appears as Unknown and EPSON Scan If necessary, and software. the instructions software
The the ready to the Ready light flashing and the If there Unknown icons, them and or Uninstall If software, such as Photoshop EPSON 10000XL as or enough memory to If or scanning high or of the to If to RAM. If using the optional EPSON Scan Office or Professional and ADF or ADF Double-sided as the Source. Also, the the the following the instructions The too slowly. the high-speed switch and the You with the the reflective the the TPU turned to the Unlock The when the the the action or selected. On the EPSON Scan. You assign another to
Software of the software that with You to the software. the as EPSON Scan properly. the memory. If other software the or the enough memory. software and software correctly and If necessary, it You cant ADF as the Source (Office or Professional the optional correctly and securely connected to the OPTION the back of the If to the the properly. selected the EPSON Scan. the white of the cover (or the white ADF using the clean. If the of light, they the or increase the of the You cant If the or least of inch the using scanning. The isnt the as the You cant the of the what The software the of the the EPSON Scan.
The too Select or of the Quality or If dirty, or these imperfections If the the sections below. You such as Restoration, Correction, or to The from the the the EPSON Scan correct. Professional selecting that offers that matches what scanning. the that to selecting You tones Professional using the Correction, or Select EPSON Scan the such as (included with and match the the exactly, because the or too light or too the Brightness and EPSON Scan. the the If the optional ADF, the If text or art, Black&White the and the Threshold
of the and of the If of the or warped. If directly the or using other than those that with the TPU, to the applying Unsharp the clean. the and scanning. The of the properly. Dont right the of the the about of inch from the If or the of the the too thick, or there light with the If without the cover, the of the to light. the of with the of the
the to The corrects the of the Straight the the with the of the higher of from the If of from the the correctly. Where To If of from cleaning or other (cross-hatch) appear the EPSON Scan, the If Professional that matches the slightly or the and the to the slightly. Reposition the slightly the You character OCR scanning. Office Black&White the and the Threshold
Uninstalling Software If to EPSON Scan, follow the instructions below. to software as To other software included with the included with those Turn off the and from the and Uninstall or XP) or EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change or Change/Remove XP or With when the Account appears, Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If prompting to the to and the to software. Turn off and from Software CD-ROM If necessary, the CD-ROM the COMMON\EPSON Scan Double-click the EPSON Scan If the Authorization the the and OK then
the You this Uninstall Select Uninstall from the Then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. to the EPSON Scan the to software.
Where To If with the information the section below. If with of the software that with Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product 10000XL) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
Purchase and Accessories You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Software Technical the below with software that with Software Telephone and and EPSON Scan U.S.: ABBYY Photoshop LaserSoft of the only) or charges apply. AM to PM through AM to PM through AM to PM through AM to PM Eastern through AM to PM Eastern through www.adobe.com/support www.xritephoto.com/ www.SilverFast.com
Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective inches with interpolated reflective art: Color: RGB Reading (R, G, B) (R, G, B) to Command ESC/I-B8 FS input, to Brightness art threshold TET (Text halftoning AAS (A, B, and C) dither (A, B, C, and D) and downloadable dither
correction CRT type correction type CRT and type Interfaces USB IEEE 10Base-T/100Base-TX, optional Light cathode of MCBF) Width: inches Depth: inches inches to VAC to Approximately Approximately with ADF or TPU Approximately (without ADF or TPU) Specifications to F to C) to F to F to C) (without to to Ordinary office or sunlight, and to light and Safety: UL CSA C22.2 EMC: FCC CSA C108.8 USB Interface Interface type Universal Specification Revision and High of Specification Revision Connector type One B) IEEE Interface Interface type IEEE Synchronization Clock synchronization with
Encoding/decoding Compatible IEEE supply from function with to F to C) to F to C) (without to to Transparency Unit (B12B813362) or inch to inch inches and Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches VDC, VDC, (B813212) input/output face-down thickness sheets MCBF) and weight Width: Depth: inches inches VDC, VDC, Specifications
Specifications
and Notices The to the and below. performance, and memory recommended. If high than the and tone reproduction to the of including the and software. the these products Microsoft Windows-compatible or or XP, XP Professional Edition, or USB or or IEEE To the optional connected to existing TCP/IP. IEEE IEEE1394a-2000 and OHCI 128MB RAM XP, XP Professional Edition, or (512MB RAM recommended) 512MB RAM (1GB RAM recommended) 300MB CD-ROM VGA with or higher recommended) with of recommended) 128MB graphics memory recommended
or Core or recommended) OS to the Apple to operating Switching OS and USB or or IEEE To the optional connected to existing TCP/IP. IEEE IEEE1394a-2000 and interface 128MB RAM (512MB RAM recommended) 300MB CD-ROM VGA with or higher recommended) with of recommended) Instructions Read of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. Dont the cloth or cleaning to from the the or or heat only the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. the type of indicated the and supply directly from with that the to properly grounded the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the become or frayed. and Notices
If cord, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the to service the yourself. the the If think repairs or necessary, or the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions. the the and or these The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: J181A Product: 10000XL and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Warning The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. and Notices
NERGY TAR This conforms to the NERGY TAR effective with the the to the NERGY TAR Warranty Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer You the to the service location. its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty This warranty cover third or peripheral to the its from boards, or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly and Notices
or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to To the Authorized or Customer or write to: Inc., P.O. CA and Notices