EPSON Perfection Unpack everything: AC CD-ROM with EPSON USB software and Photoshop CD-ROM on-screen Reference instructions. the the yellow IMPORTANT! the yellow instructed to the Software You software connecting the to The to and off protection If already Photoshop or Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with the software. The software with and XP, OS to and OS OS and supported. Follow the below the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The automatically. If the following: XP: Click then the EPSON CD-ROM and Double-click then the EPSON CD-ROM the about software, that the software, then the then At the Software Follow the on-screen instructions to each that EPSON At the of the the Product as instructed. At the or browser. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The EPSON If the EPSON CD-ROM OS X, the OS the If EPSON then the EPSON If OS to the EPSON the EPSON the about software, that the software, then If to At the Software and necessary. If OS to to Library. the installation and the EPSON then to the installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click to as that EPSON At the of the If Product as instructed. At the or Follow the instructions below to the Then to the and software. the software to connected! the yellow from the back of the the the built- to the the back of the (The arrow the should facing the the to the right. the AC and cord, as shown. Click the AC to the the other of the The and to The the front of the flashes. It flashing and when the ready. the of the USB the USB the of the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to through ready to scanning! First Scan the yellow the and photo the Then the Arrow Press the the Transportation AC EPSON AC XP, the first of the buttons. Select EPSON this this action then OK Click the Scan and appears the and photo scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then The to the location specified. To the or Photoshop top of the right Turn
EPSON Perfection everything: Reference instructions. the the IMPORTANT! the yellow instructed to the Software You software the to The to and off protection If already Photoshop or Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with the software. The software with and XP, OS to and OS OS and supported. Follow the below the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The automatically. If the following: XP: Click then the EPSON CD-ROM and Double-click then the EPSON CD-ROM the about software, that the software, then the then At the Software Unpack Click Follow the instructions to each that EPSON At the of the installation, the Product as instructed. At the or AC the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The EPSON If the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM with EPSON USB software and OS X, the OS the If EPSON then the EPSON If OS to the EPSON the EPSON Photoshop CD-ROM the about software, that the software, then If to At the Software and necessary. If OS to to Library. the and restarted the EPSON then to the installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click to as that EPSON At the of the installation, If Product as instructed. At the or browser. Follow the instructions below to the Then to the and software. the software to connected! the from the back of the the the built- to the the back of the (The arrow the should facing the the to the right. the AC and cord, as shown. the AC to the the other of the The and to The the front of the flashes. It flashing and when the ready. the of the USB the USB the of the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to through ready to scanning! First Scan the the and the Then the Arrow Press the the Transportation AC EPSON AC XP, the first of the buttons. Select EPSON this this action then OK Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then The to the location specified. To the or Photoshop top of photo the right Turn
You software connecting the to The to and off protection If already Photoshop or Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with the software. and XP, The software with OS to and OS OS and supported. Follow the below the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The automatically. If the following: Click XP: CD-ROM EPSON then the Double-click and CD-ROM EPSON then the the about software, that the software, then the then At the Software Follow the on-screen instructions to each that EPSON At the of the installation, the Product or browser. as instructed. At the AC the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The EPSON If CD-ROM EPSON the USB the OS OS X, the If using EPSON then the EPSON EPSON If using OS to the EPSON the the about software, that the software, then to If At the Software click and necessary. If OS to to Library. the and restarted to the then EPSON the installation. EPSON Perfection Unpack everything: CD-ROM with EPSON software and Photoshop CD-ROM Reference on-screen instructions. the the yellow IMPORTANT! the instructed to the Software Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click to as that EPSON At the of the installation, If Product as instructed. At the or Follow the instructions below to the Then to the and software. the software to connected! the yellow from the back of the the the the built- to the the back of the (The arrow the should facing the the to the right. the AC and cord, as shown. Click the AC to the AC the other of the The and to The the front of the flashes. It flashing and when the ready. the of the USB the USB the of the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to through ready to scanning! First Scan the and the top of the right Then the Arrow Press the the Transportation AC EPSON XP, the first of the buttons. Select EPSON this this action then OK Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then The to the location specified. To the or Photoshop Turn
Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click to as that EPSON At the of the installation, If Product as or browser. instructed. At the Follow the instructions below to the Then to the and software. software to connected! the from the back of the the the built- to the the back of the (The arrow the should facing the the to the right. the AC and cord, as shown. Click the AC to the the other of the The and to The the front of the flashes. It flashing and when the ready. the of the USB the USB the Software You software the to The to and off protection If Photoshop or Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with the software. and XP, The software with OS to and OS OS and supported. Follow the below the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The automatically. If the following: Click XP: CD-ROM EPSON then the Double-click and CD-ROM EPSON then the the about software, that the software, then the then At the Software Follow the instructions to each that EPSON At the of the installation, the Product or browser. as instructed. At the AC the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The EPSON If CD-ROM EPSON the USB the OS OS X, the If EPSON then the EPSON EPSON If OS to the EPSON the the about software, that the software, then to If At the Software and necessary. If OS to to Library. the and restarted to the then EPSON the installation. EPSON Perfection Unpack everything: CD-ROM with EPSON software and Photoshop CD-ROM Reference on-screen instructions. the the IMPORTANT! the instructed to the of the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to through ready to scanning! the First Scan the yellow the and the top of photo the right Then the Arrow Press the the Transportation AC EPSON AC XP, the first of the buttons. Select EPSON this this action then OK Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. photo scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then The to the location specified. To the or Photoshop
Starting Scan You You the buttons. Press the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If XP, to EPSON and this this action the first each of the buttons. Copy Scan to Scan to You clicking the and to of You EPSON Scan from Photoshop or other You the EPSON Scan directly from Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three of including Restoration. Professional To the choose the to from the the top right of the To the then If or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration and You the below. Click the Restoration EPSON Scan and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. Select Restoration Click the the of the the Restoration (If Professional to to the of the Scanning The cover built-in To or or to the from the cover and the Follow these to or the the connected to the section If to the first the from the connected the the back the the cover. the the slightly the free of the cover, then the and the that with of the with the facing the the as shown. The of the should the and the should with the right of the Click Restoration Click to and If the the the and the with the right of the Then the the EPSON Scan and or Professional You and although the Select the Negative B&W Negative or and Professional Select Transparency as Then the Negative B&W Negative or the You the EPSON Scan, as shown. Click to the appearance of Got where to On-screen Reference Double-click the Reference and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when these EPSON Technical EPSON technical through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, touch tone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice. To to Technical Representative (U.S.) or AM to PM through or charges apply. To Purchase Optional or Other the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Software If with software, the information below. Software Telephone and EPSON Scan U.S. EPSON www.newsoftinc.com www.adobe.com/support Photoshop the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section connected to and If these The New appears You about HI-SPEED USB XP. You when to or the You cant or EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed CPD-14017R2 Printed XXX AM to PM PT, restarting and turning the off and then If the light or EPSON. Click and follow the the Software the other of this the the software. Click the the of the to correctly, although the connected to and the the to the right section Uninstall the following EPSON Print, EPSON Scan, EPSON and ScanToWeb. the the to software. Then follow the instructions the other of this to software. the correctly, and the clean. the the to the section and the reflective If using or Professional the or matches what scanning: Negative B&W Negative or and
Starting Scan You You the buttons. Press the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If XP, to EPSON this this action and the first each of the buttons. Copy Scan to Scan to You clicking the and to of You EPSON Scan from Photoshop or other You the EPSON Scan directly from Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three of including Restoration. Professional To the choose the to from the the top right of the button, then To the If or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration and You the below. Click the Restoration Click Restoration Click to and EPSON Scan restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. Select Restoration Click the the of the Select the Restoration checkbox. (If Professional to to the of the Scanning The cover built-in To or or to the from the cover and the Follow these to or the the connected to the section If to the first the from the connected the the back the the cover. the the slightly the free of the cover, then the and the that with of the with the facing the the as shown. The of the should the and the should with the right of the If the the the and the with the right of the Then the the EPSON Scan and or Professional You and although the Select the Negative B&W Negative or and Professional Select Transparency as Then the Negative B&W Negative or the You the EPSON Scan, as shown. Click to the appearance of Got where to Reference Double-click the Reference and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when using these EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice. To to Technical (U.S.) or AM to PM through or charges apply. To Purchase Optional or Other the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Software Technical If with software, the information below. Software Telephone and EPSON Scan U.S. AM to PM PT, EPSON www.newsoftinc.com www.adobe.com/support Photoshop the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and turning the off and then If the light flashing, or EPSON. connected to and If try these The New appears You about HI-SPEED USB XP. You when to or the You cant or EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CPD-14017R2 Printed XXX Click and follow the the Software the other of this Disconnect the the software. Click the the of the to correctly, although the connected to and the the to the right section Uninstall the following EPSON Print, EPSON Scan, EPSON and ScanToWeb. the the to software. Then follow the instructions the other of this to software. the correctly, and the clean. the the connected to the section and the reflective If or Professional the or matches what scanning: Negative B&W Negative or and
To the Restoration and You the below. Restoration Click the EPSON Scan restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. the of the Click the (If using Professional Restoration Select the to to the of the Scanning The cover built-in To or or to the from the cover and the Follow these to or the the connected to the section If to the first the from the connected the the back the the cover. the the slightly the of the cover, then the and the that with of the with the facing Starting Scan You You the buttons. Press the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to EPSON If XP, to the this this action and first each of the buttons. Copy Scan to Scan to You clicking the and to of You EPSON Scan from Photoshop or other You the EPSON Scan directly from Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three of including Restoration. Professional To the choose the to from the the top right of the then To the If or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. the the as shown. The of the should the and the should with the right of the Click Restoration Click to and If the the the and the with the right of the Then the the Select Restoration EPSON Scan and or Professional You and although the Select the Negative B&W Negative or and Professional Select Transparency as Then the Negative B&W Negative or the You the EPSON Scan, as shown. Click to the appearance of Got where to On-screen Reference Double-click the Reference On-screen and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when using these EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice. To to Technical (U.S.) or AM to PM through or charges apply. To Purchase Optional or Other the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Software Technical If with software, the information below. Software Telephone and EPSON Scan U.S. AM to PM PT, EPSON www.newsoftinc.com www.adobe.com/support Photoshop the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and turning the off and then If the light flashing, or EPSON. connected to and If these The New appears Click and follow the the Software the other of this the the software. Click the the of the to correctly, although You about HI-SPEED USB XP. the connected to and You when to or the the the to the right section Uninstall the following EPSON Print, EPSON Scan, EPSON and ScanToWeb. the the to software. Then follow the instructions the other of this sheet to software. You cant or the correctly, and the clean. the the connected to the section and the reflective If or Professional the or matches what scanning: Negative B&W Negative or and EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CPD-14017R2 Printed XXX
the the as shown. The of the should the and the should with the right of the Click Restoration Click to and If the the the and the with the right of the Then the the Professional or EPSON Scan and You and although the Negative Select the and or B&W Negative as Transparency Select Professional B&W Negative Negative Then the or the You EPSON the Scan, as shown. Got where to Reference On-screen Reference Double-click the On-screen and EPSON Scan or that appears the when Click the these EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice. To to Technical to AM (U.S.) or PM through or charges apply. To the Restoration and You the below. Restoration Click the EPSON Scan and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. Select Restoration the of the Click the (If Professional Restoration Select the to to the of the Scanning The cover built-in To or or to the from the cover and the Follow these to or the the connected to the section If to the first the from the connected the the back the the cover. the the slightly the free of the cover, then the and the that with of the with the facing Scan You You the buttons. Press the the type of and Then follow the easy instructions to If using XP, to EPSON this this action and the first each of the buttons. Copy Scan to Scan to You clicking the and to of You EPSON Scan from Photoshop or other You the EPSON Scan directly from Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three of including Restoration. Professional To the choose the to from the the top right of the To the then If or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To Purchase Optional or Other the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Software Technical If with software, the information below. Software Telephone and EPSON Scan U.S. AM to PM PT, EPSON www.newsoftinc.com www.adobe.com/support Photoshop the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and turning the off and then If the light flashing, or EPSON. connected to and If these The New appears Click and follow the the Software the other of this the the software. Click the the of the to correctly, although You about HI-SPEED USB XP. Click to the appearance of the to and You when to or the the the to the right section Uninstall the following EPSON Print, EPSON Scan, EPSON and ScanToWeb. the the to software. Then follow the instructions the other of this to software. You cant or the correctly, and the clean. the the connected to the section and the reflective If or Professional the or matches what scanning: Negative B&W Negative or and EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CPD-14017R2 Printed XXX