Scanning Perfection 1640SU ETTING TARTED SING THE LATBED CANNER RROR OOKMARK NOT DEFINED SING THE LIDE CANNER CANNING IPS NOTE: The Teaching and Learning the of PhotoShop pictures/graphics/slides (covered this text and to something (covered another Teaching and Learning Updated
the Started Scanning basically the what type of Photoshop of the that allows scanning, and that the the below. with their software, and this as the below, of the that the TLC the Perfection 1640SU. facedown the the PhotoShop' or Photoshop the to then Select EPSON TWAIN The If to allow the to If to
the the of Photoshop to the below. the chose the type and to
the If to clicking the to click or Scan Click You that to this. From the type the the type the DESINATION (this selects the of the This the what type of to and the inch the that You around this using the or the the and the World the which or You manually the clicking the to the of the SIZE displays the this to the and what type of built and reduce the SCALING to the or than to
the Normally ratio and displays the the of the The appears the right of the To the the There around the the of the clicking them and them or they around If the and to If to the the
the ready to the the Scan the finished the the and back PhotoShop as You the to or to NT account (Please TLC and Since there which to of the the Select where would to and
the finished scanning and the Don't to of the and to of the
the the (From bin/Store/support/supDetail.jsp?BV_UseBVCookie=yes&infoType=Doc&oid=14567&prodo
the the that the top of the with the top of the You to each corner.
the Top of It recommended that the of the (which the of the should facing Click TWAIN the PhotoShop, allow the to the appear. If the appears to the Source to the type and the right of the should
the The scanned, Scan NOTE: If the off of the please TLC finished scanning, the clicking the You should the with From the the You the option of the as types; they as follows: JPEG or JPG: This the with the of the This the photographs or photographic GIF: This computer-generated graphics such as buttons and and art It text and graphics with straight to and poorly photographic You the to or to NT account (Please TTC and applications.) Since there which to of the the where to and from the If to another Finishing finished Don't to of the and to of the
Scanning Scanning What should reproduction, the type as that of the This OCR Text and the Black and white (or the OCR software!) of (CMYK) with Scan the to the that How enough scanning, the relationship and the to the The following helpful Scan the (the and Scan higher the when to with as information as Scan higher when the to Scan to the halftone inch when the to house to halftones. Highest the selection High-resolution amounts of There to higher than what to displayed The and photograph from to exceeding the of or VGA or
Scanning Scan instead of from or of The typical or higher offers of fact, higher the often white the To toning photographs instead of Scan and text You information when choosing and this try to light or or those with the when and than ones. of when If to photographs to or