EPSON Perfection Unpack everything EPSON XXX Printed XX.XX-XX Perfection (cover includes USB CD-ROM with EPSON Scan software, and and AC the the instructed to IMPORTANT! the instructed to the Software You software connecting the to The to and off protection The software with and XP, and OS to and OS the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The the EPSON If the following: XP: Click then EPSON and Double-click then EPSON Macintosh: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM If using OS X, the OS then the EPSON and and OK If OS to the EPSON the then At the Software Click If OS to to Library. the and restarted the EPSON then to the installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click Next or or (Macintosh) to as that EPSON At the of the If Product as instructed. At the or browser. the software to the the covering the the this the the to the the from the back of the the the built-in the and AC as shown. the AC to the the other of the The and the light flashes It flashing and when the ready. It to the AC input or If the the AC the the cord. the least seconds back and the the USB that with the of the USB the USB Then the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to First Scan The EPSON easy to the and to and them as the cover and the the top of the the front of the Then the cover. AC Press the XP, the first the Select EPSON this this action then OK EPSON Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then to the location easily Specify the to the where to Select the location specified. the The buttons easy. the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If OS X, OS when Click Scan to Copy Scan to Turn
EPSON Perfection everything EPSON XXX Printed XX.XX-XX Perfection includes and AC the the instructed to IMPORTANT! the instructed to it You software connecting the to The to and off protection The software with and XP, and OS to and OS the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The the EPSON If the following: then XP: Click EPSON and Double-click then EPSON Double-click the CD-ROM EPSON If then OS OS X, the and EPSON the OK and EPSON If using OS to the the then At the Software If OS to to Library. the and restarted the EPSON then to the Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click Next or or to as that EPSON Unpack At the of the If Product as instructed. At the or browser. the software to the the covering the the this the USB CD-ROM with EPSON Scan software, and the to the the Software the from the back of the the the built-in the and AC as shown. AC Click the AC to the the other of the The and the light flashes It flashing and when the ready. It to the AC input or If the the AC the the cord. the least seconds back and the the USB that with the of the USB the USB Then the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to Scan The EPSON easy to the and to and them as the cover and the the top of the the front of the Then the cover. Press the XP, the first the Select EPSON this this action then OK EPSON Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then to the location easily Specify the to the where to Select the location specified. the The buttons easy. the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If OS X, OS when Scan to Copy Scan to Click Turn
If OS to to Library. the and restarted the EPSON then to the installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click or Next to as that or EPSON At the of the installation, If Product as instructed. or browser. At the software to the the covering the the this the USB CD-ROM with EPSON Scan software, and the to the the from the back of the the the built-in the and AC as shown. Click EPSON Perfection Unpack everything EPSON XXX Printed XX.XX-XX Perfection (cover includes and AC the the instructed to IMPORTANT! the instructed to the Software You software connecting the to The to and off protection The software with and XP, and OS to and OS the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The the EPSON If the following: EPSON then XP: Click then and Double-click EPSON Double-click the CD-ROM EPSON If then OS OS X, the and EPSON the OK and EPSON If OS to the the then At the Software the AC to the the other of the the The and the light flashes It flashing and when the ready. It to the AC input or If the the AC the the cord. Whenever the least seconds back and the the USB that with the of the USB the USB Then the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to Scan The EPSON easy to the and to and them as the cover and photo the the top of the the front of the Then the cover. AC Press the XP, the first the Select EPSON this this action then OK EPSON Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then to the location easily Specify the to the where to Select the location specified. the The buttons easy. the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If OS X, OS when Scan to Copy Scan to Turn Click
the AC to the the other of the flashes It The and the flashing and when the ready. It to the AC input or If the the AC the the cord. Whenever the least seconds back and the the USB that with the of the USB the USB Then the USB correctly USB other than the EPSON or to First Scan EPSON The easy to and to and them the as the cover and the the top of the the front of the Then the cover. AC If OS to to Library. the and the then EPSON to the installation. or Next Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click to as that or EPSON At the of the installation, If Product as instructed. or At the the software to the the covering the lock. turn the this the USB CD-ROM with EPSON Scan software, and the to the the from the back of the the the built-in the and AC as shown. Click EPSON Perfection Unpack everything EPSON XXX Printed XX.XX-XX Perfection (cover includes and AC the the instructed to IMPORTANT! the instructed to the Software You software the to The to and off protection The software with and XP, and OS to and OS the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Macintosh, the EPSON If the following: XP: Click EPSON then and Double-click then EPSON Double-click the CD-ROM EPSON If using OS OS X, the then and EPSON the OK and If using OS to the EPSON the then At the Software Press the XP, the first the Select EPSON this this action then OK EPSON Click the Scan and appears the and scanned. scanned, the Click Next to the following location and type then to the location easily Specify the to the where to Select the location specified. the The buttons easy. the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If OS X, OS when Scan to Copy Scan to Click
Scanning Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three allows the software to the Choose of the Professional You correct, or scanning. You choose the scanning from the the top right of the To the then If using or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they information the and the on-screen Reference Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration and You the below. Click the Restoration Select Restoration EPSON Scan Restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. Click the the of the Then the Restoration (If Professional to to the of the Select Restoration the The Perfection cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the the the connected to the back of the the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the the with the facing the the type. If the the first, then the the to match the the with the the Negatives (the first of the Negatives (the of the the and the right of the C the the then the the C the the top of the and uncovered to the cover. or the You the EPSON Scan to If the buttons EPSON applications) or EPSON Scan. You the image-editing the finished scanning, the the cover. the cover and the the the cover. the the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and the seconds, then the back If the light flashing, or EPSON. connected to and If these The New appears Click and follow the the Software the other of this Disconnect the the software. You when to or the connected to and the section Uninstall and EPSON Scan. You cant or the connected to the section and the reflective or Professional the matches the type scanning. Also, the the type of scanning. where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Perfection Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when these EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone and EPSON SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Perfection Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and EPSON Scan U.S. EPSON ABBYY ArcSoft TM PhotoImpression or charges apply. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Printed Copyright America, Inc. Printed USA CPD-16153R2 SM AM to PM Monday to www.newsoftinc.com newsoftinc.com www.arcsoft.com/ techmain.htm AM to PM Monday to
Scanning Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three allows the software to the of the Professional You correct, or scanning. You choose the from the the top right of the To If then the using or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they information the and the Reference Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration and Restoration You the below. Click the EPSON Scan Restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. the Click the of the Then Restoration the (If Professional to to the of the the The Perfection cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the the Choose the connected to the back of the the the the and the reflective and off of the cover. the the with the facing the the type. If the the first, then the the to match the the with the the Negatives (the first of the Select Restoration Negatives (the of the the and the right of the C the the then the the C Select Restoration the the top of the and to the cover. or the You the EPSON Scan to If the buttons EPSON applications) or EPSON Scan. You the applications. the finished scanning, the the cover. the cover and the the the cover. the the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and the seconds, then the back If the light flashing, or EPSON. connected to and If these The New appears Click and follow the the Software the other of this the the software. You when try to or the to and the section Uninstall and EPSON Scan. You cant or the connected to the section and the reflective or Professional the matches the type scanning. Also, the the type of scanning. where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Perfection Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when these EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Perfection Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and EPSON Scan U.S. AM to PM to EPSON www.newsoftinc.com ABBYY ArcSoft TM PhotoImpression AM to PM to or charges apply. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Printed Copyright Inc. Printed USA CPD-16153R2 SM newsoftinc.com www.arcsoft.com/ techmain.htm
the The Perfection cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the the Choose the connected to the back of the the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the the with the facing the the type. If the the first, then the the to match the the with the the Select Restoration C the the top of the and uncovered to the cover. Scanning Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three allows the software to the of the Professional You correct, or scanning. You choose the scanning from the the top right of the To If then the using or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they information the and the Reference on-screen Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration and Restoration You the below. Click the EPSON Scan Restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. the Click the of the Then checkbox. Restoration the (If Professional to to the of the Select Restoration or the You the EPSON Scan to If the EPSON or EPSON Scan. You the image-editing the finished scanning, the the cover. the cover and the the the cover. the Negatives (the first of the the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section Negatives (the of the the and the right of the restarting and the seconds, then the back If the light flashing, or EPSON. connected to and If these The New appears Click and follow the the Software the other of this the the software. the C the then the the You when to or the to and the section Uninstall and EPSON Scan. You cant or the connected to the section and the reflective or Professional the matches the type scanning. Also, the the type of scanning. where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Perfection Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when these EPSON Technical EPSON technical through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information Product (EPSON Perfection Photo) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and EPSON Scan U.S. AM to PM to EPSON www.newsoftinc.com ABBYY ArcSoft TM www.arcsoft.com/ techmain.htm AM to PM to or charges apply. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Printed Copyright America, Inc. Printed USA CPD-16153R2 SM newsoftinc.com
or the You the EPSON Scan to If the buttons EPSON or EPSON Scan. You the image-editing the finished scanning, the the cover. the cover and the the the cover. the Negatives (the first of the light the the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section connected to and If try these The New appears the C the then the the You when to or the You cant or the The Perfection built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the the Choose the to the back of the the the the and the reflective and off of the cover. the the with the facing the the type. If the the first, then the the to match the the with the the Select Restoration Negatives (the of the the and the right of the C the the top of the and uncovered to the cover. Scanning Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan three allows the software to the of the Professional You correct, or You choose the from the the top right of the To If then the or Professional the options appears. Then the to The selected and they information the and the Reference Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration and Restoration You the below. Click the EPSON Scan Restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this. the Click the of the Then Restoration the (If Professional to to the of the Select Restoration where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Perfection Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and EPSON Scan Click the or that appears the when these EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach EPSON Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. SM To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Perfection Photo) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and EPSON Scan U.S. AM to PM to EPSON www.newsoftinc.com newsoftinc.com ABBYY restarting and the seconds, then the back ArcSoft TM PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com/ techmain.htm AM to PM to If the light flashing, or EPSON. or charges apply. and follow the the Click Software the other of this the the software. connected to and the section Uninstall and EPSON Scan. the connected to the section and the reflective or Professional the matches the type scanning. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Perfection and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Also, the the type of scanning. Printed Copyright Inc. Printed USA CPD-16153R2