Perfection Perfection Unpack XXX the shown below Perfection AC and CD-ROM with Scan and software, and USB on-screen Perfection AC and CD-ROM with Scan software, and USB on-screen the the instructed to them. IMPORTANT! the instructed to The this the Perfection the instructions the the Perfection where noted. the Software You software connecting the to The to and off protection The software with 98SE, and XP, and OS to and OS and the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Macintosh, the EPSON If or the the following: XP: Click then and Double-click then Double-click the CD-ROM If OS X, the OS then the If OS the Click then the and At the Software and as installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click Next or or or as that If OS to Library. and restarting the then to At the of the installation, At the Product as instructed. Restoring If or the Restoration software to them back to life. Scan and or Professional the the top of the Select and the the of the Select the Restoration checkbox. the first. Professional to the of the Reference You the Restoration the the on-screen the
Perfection Perfection XXX If OS X, the OS then the If OS the Click then the and At the Software and as installation. Unpack the shown below Perfection Click AC and Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click Next or or or (Macintosh) as that If OS to Library. and restarting the then to CD-ROM with Scan and software, and USB on-screen At the of the At the Product as instructed. Perfection the software to AC and the wrapped around the front of the covering the the Dont turn the to the or the CD-ROM with Scan software, and USB on-screen the to the the the instructed to them. the yellow IMPORTANT! the instructed to the the built-in cover). The this the Perfection the instructions the the Perfection where noted. the Software the of the USB the USB Then the USB or You software the to The to and turn off protection 98SE, and XP, and The software with OS to and OS and the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The the EPSON If or the the following: then XP: Click and Double-click then correctly USB other than the or through than CD-ROM Double-click the the as shown below. The and the light flashes It flashing and when the ready. the least seconds back and the and software CD-ROM. Scan The easy to to the to and them as the cover and the the top of the the front of the the cover. Press the when the EPSON this this action then OK Click the Scan and 1-F C 1-F BK2 location, and type then Scan and the location easily Select appears the and Scan. scanned, Scan the location specified and ArcSoft PhotoImpression. the The the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If using OS X, OS when button. Scan and Copy Scan to Restoring If or the Restoration software to them back to life. Scan and or Professional the the top of the Select and the the of the Restoration checkbox Select the Restoration checkbox. the first. Professional to the of the on-screen Reference You the Restoration the the on-screen the Turn 1-F BK 1-F 1-F Click Scan and
Unpack Perfection AC and CD-ROM with Scan and software, and USB on-screen Perfection AC and CD-ROM with Scan software, and USB on-screen IMPORTANT! the instructed to it the Software Perfection Perfection XXX the shown below the the instructed to them. The this the Perfection the instructions the the Perfection where noted. You software connecting the to The to and off protection 98SE, and XP, and The software with OS to and OS and the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Macintosh, the EPSON If or the the following: then XP: Click then and Double-click CD-ROM Macintosh: Double-click the then OS OS X, the If the the as shown below. If OS the then the and Click At the Software and as installation. The and the light flashes It flashing and when the ready. the least seconds back and the Click and software CD-ROM. Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click or Next (Macintosh) as that or or If OS to Library. and restarting to then the At the of the installation, At the Product as instructed. First Scan the The easy to to the button to and them as software to the wrapped around the front of the covering the the the cover and photo the the top of the the front of the Dont the to the or the the to the the cover. the the the built-in cover). Press the when the EPSON this this action then OK the of the USB the USB Then the USB or Click the Scan and correctly USB other than the or through than 1-F C 1-F BK2 location, and type then Scan and the location easily Select Select Select appears the and Scan. scanned, Scan the location specified and ArcSoft PhotoImpression. the The buttons easy. the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If OS X, OS when Scan and Copy Scan to Restoring If or the Restoration software to them back to life. Scan and or Professional the the top of the Select and the the of the Restoration Select the Restoration checkbox. the first. Professional to the of the on-screen Reference You the Restoration the the on-screen the Turn 1-F BK 1-F 1-F Click Scan and
Click the then OS OS X, the If the If using OS the then the and Click At the Software and as installation. AC and or Next Follow the on-screen instructions to each Click as that or or If OS to Library. and restarting to then the At the of the installation, At the Product as instructed. software to AC and the wrapped around the front of the covering the the Dont the to the or the the to the the yellow the the built-in cover). the of the USB the USB Then the USB or correctly USB other than the or through than Perfection Perfection Unpack XXX the shown below Perfection CD-ROM with Scan and software, and USB on-screen Perfection CD-ROM with Scan software, and USB on-screen the the instructed to them. IMPORTANT! the instructed to The this the Perfection the instructions the the Perfection where noted. the Software You software connecting the to The to and off protection 98SE, and XP, and The software with OS to and OS and the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The the EPSON If it or the the following: XP: Click then and Double-click then CD-ROM Macintosh: Double-click the the as shown below. Select location, and type then Scan and the location easily Select Select Click Scan and light flashes It flashing The and the and when the ready. appears the and Scan. the least seconds back and the scanned, Scan the location specified and ArcSoft PhotoImpression. and software CD-ROM. the The easy. the and the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If OS X, OS when button. First Scan The easy to to and them as to the the cover and photo the the top of the the front of the Scan and Copy Scan to Restoring the cover. If or the Restoration software to them back to life. Press the Scan and or Professional the the top of the and the the of the Restoration when the this this EPSON OK then action Select the Restoration the first. Professional to the of the on-screen Reference You the Restoration the the on-screen the Click the Scan and 1-F BK 1-F 1-F 1-F C 1-F BK2
Scanning or or the You the Scan to Perfection If the Perfection its built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the or the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the connected to the back of the the If the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the or the the first, then the the Match the the with the the Negatives Scans the first of the the and the Negatives Scans the of the the and the C the the then the the landscape-oriented the top of the the oriented the top of the the top of the C the thin, both of the to the cover. To each or as the Scan and or and Scan and This each or and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the Perfection If the Perfection Photo, the top of the cover that without the cover. You the to from the or the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the connected to the back of the the Scanning Negatives the cover. Press and release the back of the cover to the and clicks least than Dont or creased the or the or the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the of the when the to To each as the Scan and or and Scan and This each using and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and the the the to the the light to then the Dont turn off the with the of the force. the back the and clicks the cover. the reflective Scanning the reflective as the previous the the top of the that the D fits the D the the with its facing should appear backwards the that landscape-oriented the top of the the the top of the the top of the the cover. To the Scan and or and Scan and This using and ArcSoft editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and the seconds, then the back the the Perfection Disconnect the from the seconds, and to the to the its own. If on-screen Reference If the light flashing, or connected to and and the software If these The New appears Click and follow the section to software. the You when to or the connected to and the section Uninstall and Scan. on-screen Reference instructions. You cant or the connected to the section and the reflective the and the the type of scanning. 1-F C 1-F BK2 where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom button, Reference then On-Screen and Scan Click the or that appears the when these Technical technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, telephone and SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. Perfection Perfection To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (Perfection or Perfection Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and Scan U.S.: AM to PM to www.newsoftinc.com ABBYY ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com AM to PM to or charges apply. and of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD-17962 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX 1-F 1-F SM 1-F BK
Scanning or Perfection If the Perfection the top of the that without the cover. You the to from the or the You the Scan to or the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. Perfection the connected to the back of the the If the Perfection its cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the or the the the and the reflective and off of the cover. the to the back of the the Scanning Negatives the cover. Press and release the back of the to If the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the and it clicks the the or the the first, then the the Match the the with the the least than Dont or creased the or the or Negatives Scans the first of the the and the Negatives Scans the of the the and the the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the of the when the to feed C the the then the the landscape-oriented the top of the the oriented the top of the the top of the To each as the Scan and or and Scan and This each and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and C the thin, both of the to the the the to the the light to then the the cover. To each or as the Scan Scan and and or and This each or using and each ArcSoft editing, and Reference and on-screen instructions selecting and scanning finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the Dont off the with the of the force. the back the and clicks the cover. the reflective Scanning the reflective as the the the top of the that the D fits the D the the with its facing should appear backwards the that landscape-oriented the top of the the the top of the the top of the the cover. To the Scan and or and Scan and This and ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the First the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section restarting and the seconds, then the back the the Perfection Photo. Disconnect the from the seconds, and to the to the its own. If on-screen Reference If the light flashing, or connected to and and the software If these The New appears Click and follow the section to software. the You when to or the connected to and the section Uninstall and Scan. on-screen Reference instructions. You cant or the connected to the section and the reflective the and the the type of scanning. 1-F C 1-F BK2 where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and Scan Click the or that appears the when these Technical technical hours through the services and services below: World From the reach Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone and SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. Perfection Perfection To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (Perfection or Perfection Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and Scan U.S.: AM to PM to www.newsoftinc.com ABBYY ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com AM to PM to or charges apply. and of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Inc. CPD-17962 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX 1-F BK 1-F 1-F SM
Negatives Scans the of the the and the C Scanning or or the You the Scan to Perfection If the Perfection its cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the or the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the connected to the back of the the If the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the or the the first, then the the Match the the with the the Negatives Scans the first of the the and the C the the then the the the top of the the oriented the top of the the top of the the thin, both of the to the cover. Scan To each or as the Scan and and or and This each or and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and Reference and on-screen instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the Perfection Scanning the reflective as the If the Perfection the top of the cover that without the cover. You the to from the the the top of the that the D fits the D the or the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the with its facing should appear backwards the that the connected to the back of the the landscape-oriented the top of the the the top of the the top of the Scanning Negatives the cover. the cover. To the Scan and or and Scan and This using and ArcSoft editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and Press and release the back of the cover to finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the the and clicks least than Dont or creased the or the or the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the of the when the to feed the light the Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the section To each as the Scan Scan and and or and This each and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and and Reference on-screen instructions selecting and restarting and the seconds, then the back the the Perfection the from the seconds, and to the to the its own. If on-screen Reference the the the light to to the the then the If the light or connected to and and the software If these The New appears Click and follow the section to software. Disconnect the You when to or the connected to and the section Dont off the with the of the force. Uninstall and Scan. Reference instructions. the back the and clicks You cant or the to the section and the reflective the and the the type of scanning. the cover. the reflective 1-F C 1-F BK2 where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and Scan Click the or that appears the when using these Technical technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. SM Perfection Perfection To to Customer Service (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (Perfection or Perfection Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and Scan U.S.: AM to PM to www.newsoftinc.com ABBYY ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com AM to PM to or charges apply. and of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD-17962 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX 1-F BK 1-F 1-F
Scanning the reflective as the the the top of the that the D fits the D the the with its facing should appear backwards the that the cover. Scan and or To the This using Scan and and and ArcSoft PhotoImpression and Reference editing, and on-screen instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the light the the If these Perfection If the Perfection the top of the that without the cover. You the to from the or the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the connected to the back of the the Scanning Negatives the cover. Press and release the back of the cover to the and clicks least than Dont or creased the or the or Negatives Scans the of the the and the the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the of the when the to Scan To each as the Scan and and or and This each and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and and Reference on-screen instructions selecting and C the the the light to to the the then the Dont off the with the of the force. the back the and clicks the cover. the reflective Scanning or or the You the Scan to Perfection If the Perfection its cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the and the or the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the connected to the back of the the If the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the or the the first, then the the Match the the with the the Negatives Scans the first of the the and the C the the then the the landscape-oriented the top of the the oriented the top of the the top of the the thin, both of the to the cover. To each or as the Scan and or and Scan and This each or using and each ArcSoft editing, Reference and on-screen and instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the where to On-Screen Reference Double-click the Reference (If the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Click the Custom Reference then On-Screen and Scan Click the or that appears the when using these landscape-oriented the top of the the the top of the the top of the Technical technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. SM Perfection Perfection To to Customer Service Representative (U.S.) or AM to PM to or charges apply. please the following information Product (Perfection or Perfection Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Software Technical Software Telephone* and Scan U.S.: AM to PM to www.newsoftinc.com ABBYY ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com AM to PM to or charges apply. and of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Inc. CPD-17962 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX 1-F BK 1-F 1-F 1-F C 1-F BK2