Option cover Scan to PDF Scan to Copy OPTION USB DC and switch Transparency and the The (B12B8133911) allows to the on-screen instructions and the optional (ADF) ADF Specifications type Photoelectric CCD Effective or inches US or A4 Scanning with to and to Scanning msec msec Perfection Perfection or inches each], four or
Perfection internal Interface One USB or USB Light White cathode IR LED Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches the the AC or the back of the information. DC to Rated DC Rated operating with optional ADF stand-by with optional ADF AC Rated input AC to Rated input Rated to Rated DC to Rated Perfection to F to C) (when with optional ADF: to F to C) to without (when with optional ADF: to office or operating the sunlight, strong light or Interfaces USB Interface Interface type Universal Specification Revision second) and second) of Universal Revision Connector type One OPTION Interface Connector type DIN DC to DC to Supported option and EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AC UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8 Class to F to C) to without
Optional Specifications Product B12B8133911 input sheets of thickness inches and Rated DC V, DC DC to DC DC V: V: to F to C) to without sheets MCBF) MCBF) MCBF) to F to C) to without Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches the the on-screen instructions using these buttons: Scan to Copy Scan to PDF To the the EPSON Scan (or the From EPSON Scan, and then and to To and as PDF the Scan to PDF EPSON Scan and selects PDF as the type. If to the as and and the Copy The EPSON Copy automatically. If to and to the Scan to Perfection Perfection
Perfection Scanning or the cover. the the cover. If the instructions. or the the the top of the or the right of the If once, each least inches) from the others. If or thick the cover. Perfection the cover that the clean. the of as they to the Scanning and the To or to the from the cover. This the to or the connected to the OPTION or disconnecting the off the its switch.
the cover and the to the cloth to the and the or Transparency To scanning, the below. To scanning, the the Strips the cover(s) the or the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the of the or to the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the the of the the or the which the covers the and them they click. Then the of the covers to them. Perfection Perfection
Perfection the the that with the corner. the A the fits the A the the the the cover. finished to the or the Format the cover the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the the of the or to the otherwise the cover of the the or the which Perfection the cover the and clicks. Then the of the cover to the the that with the corner. the B the fits the B the the Removing the the cover. You to finished to the scanning or the the You to four the of the You the white the back the and the around them scratched, or covered If the obscured, the
the the that with the corner. the C the fits the C the to four the with the facing should appear backwards the that The top of should the back of the the Removing the the cover. finished to the or as below. the the it the notches the cover. the white outwards. Scanning and Restoring the Restoration EPSON Scan, or with and sharpness. You or as them. You Restoration EPSON Scans Home, or Professional the on-screen and Professional Perfection Perfection
Perfection and Scratch From or the EPSON Scans or Professional clean the from or as them. and its EPSON Scan software with the ICE and ICE features that or scratch from or ICE that the to ICE and of It to ICE. these features, the Reading the Light The light the On Ready to Flashing or scanning. Flashing occurred. If the operating and the light flashes red. This of the following The connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and the to The and/or the locked. the to the Perfection trying these off the its switch, then back If the light flashing: The malfunctioning. The to The connected optional malfunctioning. Transporting the the or of to the and to the to the using its switch, and the to the the cover While the light off the its switch. If the optional ADF its and from the the cover the the cover the and the to the locked Then the cover. If the cover attached,
On the back of the the to the to the the protective then the its or that fits the Related CPD-19823 Perfection CPD-19824 Perfection Notices CPD-19825 Perfection Software CD-ROM Perfection (HTML CD-ROM) Perfection Perfection
Perfection Perfection