when prompted, then the CD-ROM. Click automatically. At the Software The software At the selection the EPSON CD-ROM and Double-click then Double-click the CD-ROM EPSON XP: Click then the automatically. If the following: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Software the CD-ROM and the software as below. to Then to If the CD-ROM and the the attached to the CD-ROM Follow the on-screen instructions. finished, this the Photoshop software Follow the on-screen instructions to and the The automatically. At the first Next the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Photoshop then software. Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with If already Photoshop or Photoshop OS to Follow the below or the the The software with 98SE, and XP, and to and off protection The You software connecting the to Click and necessary. At the Software Installation the then to the software At the selection Double-click the CD-ROM the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD the software. the CD-ROM and with the following instructions to to the Then the If from the CD-ROM. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. this the button. attached to the CD-ROM the the then OK software and Follow the on-screen instructions to installation, and the Double-click the Photoshop English Double-click the CD-ROM and the DVD the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or First Photoshop then software. UFS. OS X. You the software or that EPSON Scan the UNIX (UFS) Then follow the instructions section to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software than than the or through correctly USB other the USB or the of the USB the USB Then If using USB IEEE both the USB that with the or optional the notch and arrow the facing the the built-in cover). the from the back of the clockwise to the the from the lock. to turn the software to the Then follow the instructions section to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software when prompted, then the CD-ROM. At the of the to Follow the instructions to the software. If prompted Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-18893 At the of the the cover. cover. the the the the the and of the cover. of the and the the top the then to the software the to the the back of the the the cover the Software instructed to the IMPORTANT! instructed to the the to purchase IEEE included). TM or If IEEE USB CD-ROM TM CD-ROM Software ArcSoft Ai CD-ROM TM LaserSoft CD-ROM Photoshop US English selected and Next software, and CD-ROM with EPSON Scan Photoshop cover/ the shown below Unpack Perfection the Software
Click and necessary. At the Software At the selection Double-click the CD-ROM the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD the software. the CD-ROM and with the following instructions to to Then the the If from the CD-ROM. attached to the CD-ROM the the OK then software and Follow the on-screen instructions to and the DVD the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or First Photoshop then software. UFS. X. You the software or that OS EPSON Scan the UNIX (UFS) At the of the installation, following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software Turn than than the or through correctly USB other the USB or the of the USB the USB Then If using USB IEEE both the USB that with the or optional the notch and arrow the facing the the built-in cover). the from the back of the clockwise to the the from the to the software to the Then follow the instructions section to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software when prompted, then the CD-ROM. to Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If prompted when prompted, then the CD-ROM. At the of the Click automatically. The software At the Software to the then the then to the software the software At the selection CD-ROM EPSON the and Double-click then Double-click the CD-ROM EPSON XP: Click then the automatically. If the following: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Software Software the CD-ROM and the software as below. to to Then the CD-ROM and If the the attached to the CD-ROM Follow the on-screen instructions. finished, Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Photoshop Click Photoshop this the this the software Follow the on-screen instructions to and the Next selected and US English Next The automatically. At the first the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the Photoshop Photoshop English Double-click the CD-ROM and the Photoshop then software. Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with If already Photoshop or Photoshop OS to Follow the below or the the 98SE, and XP, and The software with to and off protection The You software the to Then follow the instructions section to the the Software Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-18893 cover. the the the the the and of the cover. of the and the the top the to the the back of the the the cover the instructed to the the to purchase IEEE included). TM or If using IEEE USB TM CD-ROM Software ArcSoft Ai CD-ROM TM LaserSoft CD-ROM Photoshop software, and CD-ROM with EPSON Scan cover/ the shown below Unpack Perfection the cover. instructed to the IMPORTANT! CD-ROM
than than the or through correctly USB other the USB or the of the USB the USB Then If using USB IEEE both the USB that with the or optional the notch and arrow the facing the the built-in cover). clockwise to the the from the to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software when prompted, then the CD-ROM. to Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If prompted Turn Click and necessary. At the Software to the then the software At the selection Double-click the Double-click the CD-ROM the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD Software the software. the CD-ROM and with the following instructions to to Then the the If from the CD-ROM. finished, Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the from the back of the this the attached to the CD-ROM the the OK then software and Follow the instructions to installation, and the Photoshop Double-click the English Double-click the CD-ROM and the software to DVD the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or the Photoshop First Photoshop then software. Then follow the instructions section to the UFS. X. You the software or that OS (UFS) EPSON Scan the UNIX At the of the installation, Then follow the instructions section to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software when prompted, then the CD-ROM. At the of the Click automatically. The software At the Software to the then the software At the selection CD-ROM EPSON the and Double-click then CD-ROM EPSON XP: Click then the automatically. If the following: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The the CD-ROM and the software as below. to to Then the CD-ROM and If the the attached to the CD-ROM Follow the on-screen instructions. Photoshop Click Photoshop this the software Follow the on-screen instructions to and the Next selected and US English Next The automatically. At the first the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD First Photoshop then software. Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with If already Photoshop or Photoshop Macintosh). OS to Follow the below or the the 98SE, and XP, and The software with to and off protection The You software connecting the to the Software Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-18893 the back of the the the cover the Software instructed to the the to purchase IEEE included). TM or If connecting IEEE USB Photoshop cover/ the shown below Unpack the cover. cover. the the the the the and of the cover. of the and the the top the to the instructed to the IMPORTANT! CD-ROM TM CD-ROM Software ArcSoft Ai CD-ROM TM LaserSoft CD-ROM Photoshop software, and CD-ROM with EPSON Scan Perfection
than than the or through correctly USB other the USB or the of the USB the USB Then If using USB both IEEE the USB that with the or optional the notch and arrow the facing the the built-in cover). the from the back of the clockwise turn to the the from the lock. to the software to the Then follow the instructions section to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software when prompted, then the CD-ROM. At the of the installation, to Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If prompted Click and necessary. At the Software to the then the software At the selection Double-click the Double-click the CD-ROM the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD the software. the CD-ROM and with the following instructions to to Then the the If it from the CD-ROM. finished, Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. button. this the attached to the CD-ROM the the OK then software and Follow the on-screen instructions to installation, and the Photoshop Double-click the English Double-click the CD-ROM and the DVD the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or First Photoshop then software. UFS. X. You the software or that OS (UFS) EPSON Scan the UNIX Then follow the instructions section to the following the instructions included with each LaserSoft and the ArcSoft Software when prompted, then the CD-ROM. Click automatically. The software At the Software to the then the software At the selection CD-ROM EPSON the and Double-click then CD-ROM EPSON XP: Click then the automatically. If the following: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Software the CD-ROM and the software as below. to to Then the CD-ROM and If the the attached to the CD-ROM Follow the on-screen instructions. Photoshop Click Photoshop this the software Follow the on-screen instructions to and the Next selected and US English Next The automatically. At the first the Photoshop CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD First Photoshop then software. Photoshop Photoshop from the CD-ROM included with If already Photoshop or Photoshop OS to Follow the below or the the 98SE, and XP, and The software with to and turn off protection The You software the to the Software At the of the Software instructed to the the to purchase IEEE included). TM or If IEEE USB Photoshop cover/ the shown below Unpack Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-18893 the cover. cover. the the the the the and of the cover. of the and the the top the to the the back of the the the cover the instructed to the IMPORTANT! CD-ROM TM CD-ROM Software ArcSoft Ai CD-ROM TM LaserSoft CD-ROM Photoshop software, and CD-ROM with EPSON Scan Perfection
the when to or You XP. HI-SPEED USB You about when The the the the and the with the stand-alone ArcSoft PhotoStudio with EPSON Scan. You To the that offers, appears The New included CD-ROM. and and QuickTime or CD-ROM and information. To the and the software, and then OK to them when creating with turned off and the the as software that Click Ready to created the to from the Select the Click the More then Click the light the then OK the Embed ICC to the that such as RGB the the (Reflective), the created with or ColorSync Macintosh. the (ICM) CMS then the Option (or Click the Click the the Then and Select the Photoshop and choose when RGB with the type of and You each type of and and First to the Profile option to instructions. that and the basic to to input and such as You and software to Inc. DIGITAL ICE of both switch turned and the the connected to correctly. Click the the of the to both LaserSoft software. the the Software the other of this Click and follow the the If try these and turned the connected to If the light flashing, or off and then restarting and turning the Flashing both Flashing Warming or scanning. instructions. or the ABBYY or other applications, ABBY Scan and them as that with Word or Photoshop or creations or with Technical Stitch or with ArcSoft slideshows ArcSoft PhotoBase. which easily archive to CD or the Ai high-capacity batch scanning. to the of and software: More Scanning respective owners. and rights those Notice: Other only and of their service of America, Inc. of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice or charges apply. to to PM Eastern AM TM support.html www.monacosys.com/ to to PM Eastern AM www.SilverFast.com to to PM AM software ArcSoft www.arcsoft.com/en/ to to PM AM Photoshop www.adobe.com/support ABBYY to to PM AM EPSON Scan U.S.: Software Telephone*/Fax* and Software Technical of the of purchase (such as and of purchase Product (located the back of the Product Perfection please the following information ready: to or apply. (U.S.) or AM to PM To to Customer Service to SoundAdvice. telephone and SoundAdvice To Automated Telephone Services, tone Automated Telephone Services SM From the reach World services and telephone services below: technical through the using these or that appears the when Click the On-Screen EPSON Scan the Reference or or Apple or to You Microsoft only, then DVD At the Custom Reference If the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or Perfection Reference Double-click the Reference On-Screen and and basic troubleshooting. instructions DIGITAL ICE where to EPSON Scan. directly with or Photoshop or If the of PhotoStudio editing. and the (SF On the stand-alone the Perfection selected as with PhotoStudio and Restoration and Scanning and DIGITAL ICE Perfection Reference or on-screen using these features, Restoration, and DIGITAL ICE EPSON Scan includes features to including Enhancing CD-ROM QuickTime or each software The professional and its software. instructions, the The following sections of to the of From the Scan to Click the <RGB> and when the ready. The and the light flashes It flashing the to it the front of the cover closed, then the the IEEE Then the other the IEEE or of the IEEE included) the If using IEEE
Inc. DIGITAL ICE of both or charges apply. switch turned and the the connected to to AM to PM Eastern TM correctly. Click the the of the to to AM to PM Eastern both LaserSoft software. the the Software the other of this Click and follow the the to AM to PM software ArcSoft to AM to PM Photoshop and turned the connected to ABBYY If the light flashing, or off and then restarting and turning the to AM to PM Flashing both EPSON Scan U.S.: Software of the instructions. or the ABBYY or other applications, ABBY Scan and them as that with Word or Photoshop or creations or with Technical Stitch or with ArcSoft On-Screen EPSON Scan On-Screen Reference slideshows ArcSoft PhotoBase. which easily archive to CD or the Ai high-capacity batch scanning. to the of and software: where to respective owners. and rights those Notice: Other and of their service of America, Inc. of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice support.html www.monacosys.com/ www.SilverFast.com www.arcsoft.com/en/ www.adobe.com/support Software Telephone*/Fax* and Proof of purchase (such as and of purchase Product (located the back of the Product Perfection please the following information ready: to or charges apply. (U.S.) or AM to PM To to Customer Service to SoundAdvice. telephone and SoundAdvice To Automated Telephone Services, tone Automated Telephone Services SM From the reach World services and telephone services below: technical hours through the these Click the or that appears the screen when the Reference or or Apple or to only, then You Microsoft DVD At the Custom Reference If the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or Double-click the Perfection Reference and and troubleshooting. instructions DIGITAL ICE EPSON Scan. directly with or Photoshop or If the of PhotoStudio editing. and the (SF On the stand-alone the when to or You XP. HI-SPEED USB You about the selected as Perfection with PhotoStudio turned when The the the the and the with the with EPSON Scan. You ArcSoft PhotoStudio To the that offers, appears The New Scanning If try these included CD-ROM. and and QuickTime or CD-ROM and information. To the and the to OK software, and then them when creating with turned off and the the as software that Click Ready to Flashing Warming or scanning. created the to from the Select the then More Click the Click the light the to Scan Click OK then to the Embed ICC the RGB that such as the the (Reflective), the created with <RGB> the ColorSync or (ICM) the CMS Click the (or Option then the Click the the Then and Select the Photoshop and choose when RGB with the type of and You each type of and and First to the Profile option to instructions. that and the to to input and such as You and software to More Scanning and Restoration and and DIGITAL ICE Perfection Reference or on-screen these features, Restoration, and DIGITAL ICE EPSON Scan includes features to including CD-ROM QuickTime or each software The professional and its software. instructions, the The following sections overviews of to the of From the and when the ready. The and the light flashes It flashing the to turn the front of the cover closed, then the the IEEE Then the other the IEEE or of the IEEE included) the If IEEE
respective owners. and rights those Notice: Other and of their service of America, Inc. of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice support.html www.SilverFast.com www.arcsoft.com/en/ www.adobe.com/support Software Telephone*/Fax* and of purchase (such as and of purchase to or charges apply. (U.S.) or AM to PM To to Customer Service to SoundAdvice. telephone and SoundAdvice To Automated Telephone Services, tone Automated Telephone Services From the reach World services and telephone services below: technical hours through the these or that appears the when Click the Reference the or or Apple or to You Microsoft only, then DVD At the Custom Reference If the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or Double-click the Perfection Reference and and basic troubleshooting. instructions DIGITAL ICE Inc. DIGITAL ICE of both or charges apply. the when to or You switch turned and the the to to AM to PM Eastern TM XP. HI-SPEED USB You about correctly. the of the to Click the to AM to PM Eastern turned when The both LaserSoft software. the the Software the other of this and follow the the Click to AM to PM software ArcSoft appears The New to AM to PM If try these Photoshop and turned the connected to If the light flashing, or ABBYY off and then restarting and turning the to AM to PM Flashing both Ready to EPSON Scan U.S.: Flashing Warming or scanning. the light the Software of the Product (located the back of the instructions. or ABBYY or the other applications, using ABBY or Scan and them as that with Word Product Perfection please the following information ready: Photoshop or creations or with using SM Technical Stitch or with ArcSoft On-Screen EPSON Scan Reference On-Screen slideshows ArcSoft PhotoBase. which easily archive to CD or the Ai high-capacity batch scanning. to the of and software: where to More Scanning EPSON Scan. directly with or Photoshop or If the of PhotoStudio editing. and the (SF On the stand-alone the selected as Perfection with PhotoStudio the the the and photo the with the with EPSON Scan. You ArcSoft PhotoStudio To the that offers, Scanning included CD-ROM. and and QuickTime or CD-ROM and information. To the and the to OK software, and then them when creating with turned off and the the as software that Click created the to from the Select the then More Click the Click to Scan Click OK then to the Embed ICC the RGB that such as the the (Reflective), the created with <RGB> the Macintosh. ColorSync or (ICM) the CMS Click the (or Option then the Click the the Then and the Photoshop and choose when RGB with the type of and You each type of and and to the Profile option to instructions. that and the basic to to input and such as You and software to and Restoration and and DIGITAL ICE Perfection Reference or on-screen using these features, Restoration, and DIGITAL ICE EPSON Scan includes to including CD-ROM useful QuickTime or each software The professional and its software. instructions, the The following sections of to the of From the and when the ready. The and the light flashes It flashing the to the front of the cover closed, then the the IEEE Then the other the IEEE or of the IEEE included) the If IEEE
America, Inc. respective owners. and rights those Notice: Other only and of their DIGITAL ICE of service of America, Inc. of Corporation. Perfection and SoundAdvice or charges apply. to Eastern PM to AM TM support.html www.monacosys.com/ to Eastern PM to AM LaserSoft www.SilverFast.com to PM to AM software ArcSoft www.arcsoft.com/en/ to PM to AM Photoshop www.adobe.com/support ABBYY to PM to AM EPSON Scan U.S.: Software Telephone*/Fax* and Software Technical of the of purchase (such as and of purchase Product (located the back of the Product Perfection please the following information ready: to or charges apply. PM to AM (U.S.) or To to Customer Service to SoundAdvice. telephone and SoundAdvice To Automated Telephone Services, tone Automated Telephone Services SM From the reach World services and telephone services below: technical hours through the Technical using these or that appears the when Click the On-Screen EPSON Scan Reference the or to or or Apple You Microsoft only, then Reference DVD At the Custom If the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or Perfection Reference Double-click the Reference On-Screen scanning and and troubleshooting. instructions DIGITAL ICE where to both switch turned and the the connected to correctly. the of the to Click the both software. Disconnect the the Software the other of this and follow the the Click If try these and turned the connected to If the light flashing, or off and then restarting and turning the Flashing both Ready to Flashing Warming or scanning. the light the instructions. or ABBYY or the other using ABBY or Scan and them as that with Word Photoshop or creations or with Stitch or with ArcSoft slideshows ArcSoft PhotoBase. which easily archive to CD or the Ai high-capacity batch scanning. to the of and software: More Scanning the when to or You XP. HI-SPEED USB You about turned when The the the the and the with the stand-alone with EPSON Scan. You ArcSoft PhotoStudio To the that offers, appears The New Scanning included CD-ROM. and and QuickTime or CD-ROM and information. To the and the to OK software, and then them when creating with turned off and the the as software that Click created the to from the Select the then More Click the Click OK then to the Embed ICC the RGB that such as the the (Reflective), the created with <RGB> the Macintosh. ColorSync or (ICM) the CMS Click the (or Option then the Click the the Then and Select the Photoshop and choose when RGB with the type of and You each type of and and to the Profile option to instructions. that and the to to input and such as You and software to EPSON Scan. directly with or Photoshop or If the of PhotoStudio editing. and the (SF On Macintosh, the stand-alone the selected as Perfection with PhotoStudio and Restoration and Perfection Reference or on-screen these features, Restoration, and DIGITAL ICE EPSON Scan includes features to including Enhancing CD-ROM or each software The professional and its software. instructions, the The following sections of to the of From the to Scan Click and when the ready. The and the light flashes It flashing the to the front of the cover closed, then the IEEE Then the other the IEEE or of the IEEE included) the If IEEE and DIGITAL ICE the