Option Scan to PDF Scan to Copy DC Option (AFL) Transportation (beneath Reflective and the USB The B813372) to or business and them automatically. the on-screen instructions. cover Edge Specifications Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective inches or A4 (reading specified from software) Scanning with to to and with function.) RGB CCD internal Interface USB Light White cathode Width: inches Depth: inches inches Perfection Perfection
Perfection DC to Rated to Rated operating (with AFL) (with AFL) Operation: to F to C) to F to C) Humidity Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or should sunlight or light should EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class USB Interface Interface type Universal Revision and of Universal Revision Connector type One B) AC AC to V, to DC to V, Specifications Specifications Product B813372 input thickness inches Perfection and inches), inches), business Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches Approx. Rated input DC Rated input V, V, Operation: to 86F to C) to F to C) Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or should sunlight or light should EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class the the on-screen instructions these buttons: Copy Scan to Scan to PDF
To the the EPSON Scan (or the From EPSON Scan, and then and to To and as PDF the Scan to PDF EPSON Scan and selects PDF as the type. If to the as and and the Copy The EPSON Copy automatically. If to and to the Scan to Scanning and the cover. the the cover. or the the the top of the or photo the front of the and the arrow of to inches from the and the of the scanned. If the of the and slightly to If once, each photo least inches from the others. the cover that Restoring the Restoration EPSON Scan, or with true-to-life and sharpness. You or as them. You Restoration EPSON Scans or Professional the on-screen and Professional Perfection Perfection
Perfection Scanning and The top of the Perfection cover that without the cover. You the to from the or the the and the reflective and off of the cover. the cover connected to the back of the Scanning Negatives the cover. Press and release the back of the cover to the and clicks Perfection least than Dont creased, curled, or the or the or the the with the facing and the should appear the that the the of the when the to the the the to the the light to then the Dont off the with the of the force. the back the and clicks the cover.
the or Scanning the reflective as the previous the the top of the that the D fits the D the the with its facing should appear backwards the that the top of the the of the the cover. finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the Perfection Perfection
Perfection Removing From or the EPSON Scans Home, or Professional clean the from or as them. the on-screen and Professional Perfection Reading the Light The light the light Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the connected to and restarting and the seconds, then the back the the from the seconds, and to the to the its own. If on-screen If the light flashing,
If the operating and the light flashes red. This of the following The connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and connecting the to The locked. the to the trying these off the its cord, then to turn back If the light flashing: The malfunctioning. The to replaced. The connected optional malfunctioning. Transporting the the or of to the to the to and the to the the buttons). While the light the If the cover attached, To the the and the to the This the the this the protective and the its Related CPD-19431 Perfection CPD-19432 Perfection Software CD-ROM CPD-19433 Perfection Notices Perfection (HTML) Perfection Perfection