Specifications Reflective and the Transportation (TPU) Transparency USB (TPU) included shown) (ADF) (optional) Copy Scan to Scan and Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD TM Effective US or A4 inches The of achieved interpolated (input/output) art threshold correction type Interface USB Light White cathode Width: inches Depth: inches inches VAC Rated to Rated operating stand-by the US the the back of the information. Perfection PHOTO Perfection PHOTO
Perfection PHOTO Operation: to F to C) to F to C) Humidity Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or sunlight, and light UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 USB Interface Interface type Universal Revision Connector type One B) and High Universal Revision Connector Connector VCC DATA +DATA GND AC VAC, to VDC, Transparency Unit The built the DC to Rated or these specifications to inches Perfection PHOTO Optional (B12B813341) Specifications Specifications supply thickness sheets VDC VDC V: V: Optional the US the the back of the information. Operation: to F to C) to F to C) Operation: to (without to to Scan The the EPSON easy to the and to and them as the cover and the the top right of the with the top right of the the cover.
Press the XP, the first the Select EPSON this this action, then OK EPSON Click the Scan and the following location and type then Scan and Select location type Click Scan and Starting Scan You You the buttons. Press the the type of and Then follow the easy on-screen instructions to If using XP, to EPSON and this this action the first each of the buttons. You clicking the and to of You EPSON Scan from Photoshop or other You the EPSON Scan directly from Perfection PHOTO Perfection PHOTO Scan and Copy Scan to
Perfection PHOTO Selecting the Scanning EPSON Scan four of and including Restoration. Office text and the optional [B12B813341] Professional To the choose the to from the the top right of the To the then If Home, Professional, or Office the options appears. Then the to The selected and they Perfection PHOTO Choose Restoring If or the Restoration software to the of You this or EPSON Scan. To the Restoration follow these Press the Copy the The Copy Select Then the Source Select the and of and the Copy Select Restoration then the Copy the photo copied, restored, and printed. (If information,
EPSON Scan Restoration and Professional To Restoration, EPSON Scan. You to this (the shows Click the the of the to Click the appears, Restoration Then Restoration Click the Scan the to Scanning and The cover built-in To or or to the from the cover and the The with or and the connected to the the instructions). If to the first the off. Then back the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. Follow the instructions the type of scanning: If or or the the with the facing the the as shown. Then the and the to Perfection PHOTO Perfection PHOTO or
Perfection PHOTO the the as shown. the the fits the the this uncovered If the the Then the the the the this to facing the cover. EPSON Scan and the selected: Negative B&W Negative or and Click the to Click Perfection PHOTO The Restoration of the following If Restoration If of the Professional Reduction Click when Click the Scan the to
Light The light the button) the of the as below. Light On The ready to Flashing The or scanning. Flashing the following, then off and back to The or turned off. the the as shown restarting and turning the off and then If this clear the the to or the another or Related CPD-18186 Perfection CPD-18187 Perfection Software CD-ROM, including Reference CPD-18188 Perfection Notices Perfection PHOTO Perfection PHOTO