Option cover with built (TPU) Scan to PDF Scan to Copy Reflective DC Option Cover and the Transportation (beneath USB The B813372) to or business and them automatically. the instructions. Edge Specifications Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective inches or A4 (reading specified from software) Scanning with to to and with function.) RGB CCD internal Interface USB Light White cathode Width: inches Depth: inches inches Perfection Perfection
Perfection DC to Rated to Rated operating (with TPU) (with TPU) Operation: to F to C) to F to C) Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or should sunlight or strong light should EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class USB Interface Interface type Revision and of Universal Specification Revision Connector type One B) AC AC to V, to DC to V, Specifications Specifications Product B813372 input thickness inches Perfection and inches), inches), business Width: inches Depth: inches inches Rated input DC Rated input V, V, Operation: to 86F to C) to F to C) Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or should or light should EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class the the on-screen instructions these buttons: Copy Scan to Scan to PDF
To the the EPSON Scan (or the From EPSON Scan, and then and to To and as PDF the Scan to PDF EPSON Scan and selects PDF as the type. If to the as and and the Copy The EPSON Copy automatically. If to and it to the Scan to button. Scanning and the cover. the the cover. or the the the top of the or photo the front of the and the arrow of to from the and the of the scanned. If the of the and slightly to If once, each least inches from the others. the that Restoring the Restoration EPSON Scan, or with true-to-life and sharpness. You or as them. You Restoration EPSON Scans or Professional the on-screen and Professional Perfection Perfection
Perfection Scanning and The Perfection cover built-in To or to the reflective from the cover and the the the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the cover connected to the back of the If the with the facing and the should appear the that the the or the the first, then the the Match the the with the the Perfection the thin, both of the to Negatives Scans the first of the the and the Negatives Scans the of the the and the C the the then the the the top of the the of the the cover. C
finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the Removing From or the EPSON Scans Home, or Professional clean the from or as them. the on-screen and Professional Reading the Light The light the light Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the connected to and Perfection Perfection restarting and the seconds, then the back
Perfection If the operating and the light flashes red. This of the following The to properly or software the that with instructions the software and the to The locked. the to the trying these off the its cord, then to back If the light flashing: The malfunctioning. The to replaced. The connected optional malfunctioning. Transporting the the or of to the to the to and the to the the buttons). While the light the If the attached, To the lock, the and the to the This the the this the protective and the its Perfection Related CPD-19431 Perfection CPD-19432 Perfection Software CD-ROM CPD-19433 Perfection Notices Perfection (HTML)