EPSON TWAIN
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other or of this or repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Copyright Notice SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. copying of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted and and each user to and of copyright when and those as broad as people EPSON Concerning of Copyrighted
EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Perfection and EPSON FaxAdvice and EPSON SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc., USA 610ET0799
Introduction software and that software. It the interface professional text character (OCR) and EPSON TWAIN the interface text NewSoft of from and white text to allowing to and their helpful the or of it EPSON TWAIN includes features and the EPSON Scan or that with the EPSON Perfection of and EPSON to to EPSON TWAIN with these Introduction
The and tone of the of including the and software. Introduction the software, the following IBM PC with or Microsoft 16MB RAM (32MB recommended) 50MB USB or CD-ROM or VGA or higher with or higher recommended) and or recommended)
If OS and the from Apple the EPSON USB software. Apple this If OS this operating already includes the EPSON USB software. Introduction EPSON TWAIN the Apple ColorSync 2.X and QuickTime. Apple (G3 or OS or OS or USB or 32MB RAM (64MB recommended) 50MB CD-ROM or VGA with (or higher recommended) and or recommended) To This instructions EPSON TWAIN, the This what to to with EPSON TWAIN and to the TWAIN Scanning instructions and of the EPSON TWAIN to the and EPSON
the instructions and one-touch scanning. Troubleshooting to At the and Notes, and to to Notes information about this information throughout Click the text with the to the referenced text (cross-reference) to other of this information. hints scanning. Introduction
Scanning scanning, the EPSON TWAIN software (as the and the software that EPSON TWAIN, such as PictureWorks HotShots or The The noted this from EPSON TWAIN they the the This chapter includes the following information: EPSON TWAIN Scan Scanning Selecting Scanning
of EPSON TWAIN (the interface shown; the the Scanning Select the or PM Select basic to around the Click Scan. to around the Scanning
software. The Follow the this section to EPSON TWAIN from to the the and the Then the instructions. Starting EPSON TWAIN properly. turning the software software If or Select Source and then Select TWAIN_32 Select the the and choose Source or TWAIN Select (Macintosh). software selecting the its Click to the section cover HotShots, such as instructions HotShots; Other with The this with scanning. Scanning
Select EPSON TWAIN and Select EPSON TWAIN scanning. the and choose or and then TWAIN_32 or TWAIN Click to EPSON TWAIN Scanning
The EPSON TWAIN appears. The EPSON TWAIN the to Selecting It Scan around the To when higher should Scanning
You to the the type of scanning or and the basic Scanning Photographs Selecting Select the Select the of the following or Black and White type Scanning
to the of or higher. Scanning If to the from the If something that If to or should choose higher such as or Select Quality or the You and Unsharp (sharpens the to the of ready to around the to and the Scan The appears Click the to the EPSON TWAIN and to To or using software, software
Select threshold These and sharpness the type. Select of the following Newspaper Printout or Scanning Text or Select the threshold threshold If the the the to appear. Scanning
to the of or higher. Scanning If to the from the If scanning something that If to or should choose higher such as ready to around the to Click the Scan The appears Click the to the EPSON TWAIN and to To or software, software
scanning. allows to the and height of You to the effects of the and the Scan Click the You the following to the and as and other and to the with the the EPSON TWAIN. If the and to of the the EPSON TWAIN Manually Scanning
around or of the To follow these the the the becomes Chap1.fm Monday, PM If the to the the as the the creating the the of the to and the ready to the The Scan appears Release the when the the If to the or or the Scanning
the as the To and its width-to-height of the arrow. Click the and the or to the To the its the to double-headed to hand. Click the and anywhere the the the to it where To the To the Scanning
the With one-touch scanning, the such as HotShotsor to another as the and while and then with and EPSON TWAIN automatically. You to another The one-touch instructions). With To the the other that to with the such as Photoshop and Then and (or another to to the Follow the instructions these sections to scanning: Scanning the ready to the follow the instructions Scanning with the
the TWAIN including these EPSON TWAIN the Scan the and operating and (or another These with Follow the these sections to EPSON (Macintosh) the
If to (or scanning, follow these (and other when The Scan the and and ready to to the Click the and You this Click to and the Devices If necessary, the Devices Click the then the button. the
Click the You this To scanning, the appears the checkbox. than prompted the to to Then the each to to with the If To scanning, the when the Click OK the
and to with The EPSON with EPSON TWAIN the when the If to the EPSON the following: Select EPSON from the Apple the EPSON Select EPSON from the Apple the EPSON Click the to Click the to To the following: Click OK Click OK the
to directly to assign the To with Scan and or to the the to HotShots (or another The Scan appears the whenever (If appear, the and the the or Scan option.) Scanning To other the instructions. with the assigned to the The as the The that the where the (You them to Follow the instructions these sections to the Scan Destination to the Scan Destination to the the Reassigning Destinations the Scan Selecting Scan
Scan Click the the and Scan You the the the To another to the follow these Destination to the which the button. or the TWAIN interface, Selecting Scan If to or the the to to the To the or assigned to the its the Select If to and the Scan to then to when the the Scan the Scan to with when the the Scan checked. If to EPSON TWAIN within the Click OK
If to or to the Scan follow these the and Scan You the Scan Click the necessary. Destination to the Scan Scan to Click the arrow the Scan to or Scan to (Macintosh) The Scan to the and or to appears the that Select the the only). Click the On the the the
the the field. On OK to the If the TWAIN Interface active, whether to the EPSON TWAIN when the appears the and Then preview, and Scan when If the checkbox, the EPSON TWAIN ready. them This the the the with the and EPSON TWAIN interface when If the the EPSON TWAIN and the If the TWAIN Interface the become active. active the
Assigning Destination to the instructions. If to assign or to the whenever the or Selecting Scan If these active, the to finished or OK the
or its than to reassign the to each as You to reassign existing to or the and Scan then the necessary. Reassigning Destinations the Scan Scan to or the the to reassign from the Scan of the and the the If to the the button. To or the choose from the Scan to or the Scan to (Macintosh) of the active as necessary; If the TWAIN Interface checkbox, Selecting Scan the of the The the Click the the or to reassign the appear to the right. the
If or which the whenever the the Scan or TWAIN Interface checkbox, the become active. If theyre active, the options to assign the to the If to assign or to the Assigning Destination to the instructions. finished reassigning OK Selecting Scan active the
of the Select Others to options the choose the Select the type of type. The below the and their options. (Text and Card Photograph Others only) the of the scanning. to Select the of the the Custom only), and then type the and OK (Landscape) only] (Landscape) only] (Landscape) only] Card only) only] only] only] Custom only) inches inches A4 B5 A5 Scan Black and White Scan the
to You cant type Select the The option this this selected. as necessary. This appears when the Scan to or the brightness of the to Brightness as necessary. This to Black and White highlights and of the appears only when the Scan and the Brightness the threshold the to Threshold the of the as necessary. to the
another or these selections, whether to to whether elected to the TWAIN interface or and The of (as noted the to the Once and ready to with the Scanning with the If photographs or other of Selecting other TWAIN OCR these OCR as scanning to select. Scanning the
with the the top and right of the the and its and If the Follow these to with the Press the This that writing to the
selected than to with the the Scan this with the button, instructions the the Click EPSON and OK (If the If the TWAIN interface, the to If wasnt when the If the TWAIN interface, Scan the to the successfully. the Scanning
with the Scan If the TWAIN interface, the EPSON TWAIN to Select or (and the clear the OCR Threshold To OCR the following EPSON TWAIN: the the
to the of or higher. the Select the OCR (If type of the it as necessary. Selecting information.) Click the to the around the to Click the Scan to EPSON TWAIN the finished, the to the EPSON TWAIN (If the TWAIN interface, the EPSON TWAIN appear.) If the to the to the instructions If the to the OCR (or another the and the the appears selected follow the instructions the or to as necessary.
the EPSON TWAIN These sections instructions the with EPSON TWAIN to and the EPSON the the EPSON TWAIN
EPSON TWAIN the of these Scan the and the EPSON The one-touch with the when software, and the software. If the instructions the EPSON TWAIN
the EPSON TWAIN the EPSON Screen EPSON TWAIN the of the If or to the EPSON the of EPSON TWAIN. Follow the instructions operating these the with the the with Follow these to Click to and the Double-click the and You this
If necessary, the Click the then the On the the You this Click the Screen You the following: the from them match as closely however, to when The perfectly together; as the EPSON TWAIN
Click and the or the or right the of the match as closely as Click OK the to them and to the the Click OK The the EPSON and EPSON You the following Follow these to Click and the or the or right the of the match as closely as Click OK The the from them match as closely however, try to when The perfectly together; as the EPSON TWAIN
Troubleshooting If EPSON TWAIN, the these EPSON TWAIN If the information the with or EPSON. Where To information. the with Quality Troubleshooting
perfectly together; however, to them match the from when The as closely as the too closely. The the to match closely enough. EPSON TWAIN the software following the instructions the and TWAIN EPSON TWAIN isnt listed. EPSON TWAIN wasnt or wasnt correctly. off. EPSON TWAIN first, the and connected EPSON TWAIN. If the connected properly. then and The isnt EPSON TWAIN Troubleshooting
and software and the specifications EPSON TWAIN enough memory. the section memory EPSON TWAIN memory. the to correctly. process, and then caused or the TWAIN and try occurred. that If this the to and Starting EPSON TWAIN instructions selecting EPSON TWAIN selected as the TWAIN EPSON TWAIN selected as TWAIN the If the Then and The isnt ready. The Troubleshooting
amount of memory of memory when You or If cant the when this the or and If the too or memory. and of memory. and If restarting the the memory the first immediately another, the released If and then to You or only appear the the or selected incorrect or Threshold Select EPSON TWAIN You from Selecting You selected incorrect Troubleshooting
when other information and the of to ready. the that (You this The EPSON (Macintosh) the anytime, when the You the detected. the the instructions. If the then manually the If this securely connected. Then and the to and the to instructions. the nothing Troubleshooting
the correctly as the to as the scanning. instructions. the EPSON TWAIN interface. the or assigned to the If the EPSON TWAIN or the isnt to to with the to another This and EPSON TWAIN, and then and it to to another the and slowly. Destination to the to You assigned another the Troubleshooting
that the the and that of the or warped. with Quality The or correctly the The isnt You the scanning. the of the the of the with If the thick or warped the the of the to interference from light. the isnt or or the of the correctly the The isnt If of the the the the of the The or of Troubleshooting the the correctly the The isnt
The the than the or the EPSON to as and isnt correctly. or isnt This the the closely match the correctly EPSON TWAIN the from the its and the as the EPSON Screen correctly. Selecting instructions these the type of and the which type from to EPSON TWAIN incorrectly. The the match the exactly the Quality or ColorSync EPSON TWAIN to closely the and match the Selecting instructions. You to correction to the or other EPSON TWAIN to with EPSON You to Troubleshooting
they appear the HotShots, Info the Also, high than their You the The or than the of the that software properly and software that the properly connected to the and correctly The cant the or the securely connected. and correctly software Troubleshooting
The of than when its as the of its and then the should increase this the to to the to quality. If to to increase the the quality. Selecting instructions the to the You increase information selecting scanning To the following: (crosshatch) appear the with halftone You sheet the and the to slightly the selected the or the slightly. Selecting Troubleshooting
TWAIN. This the Text that background Selecting Scan the the EPSON Character OCR scanning. incorrect You the Troubleshooting
EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information: Where To Access Service of CompuServe type GO EPSON the introductory CompuServe membership, to reach the America free and EPSON CompuServe From the reach World If FTP ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and (or other software FTP downloading) to as the EPSON FTP Troubleshooting
about EPSON products hours to commonly EPSON SoundAdvice You to Access technical information this service. EPSON FaxAdvice Access Service SM To to technical (U.S.) or to through AM PM or charges apply. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON Service please the following information ready: You purchase and from EPSON only). please or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. Product (located the back of the Product (EPSON Perfection of the software with EPSON another that If software technical information. the Troubleshooting
Short The of processing. and off, or and The that the of allocated The the the of the type of that the reproduction to the correction which software or tones with of dither of when other selections inch. of The higher the the higher the Black and white or the intensity of and that the of selected scanning. of to
Indication of finely Measured inch inch or inch operation the and the of The reads the and the information to the as Short Every of of counted of EPSON TWAIN option that the which as or white. Threshold