EPSON COLOR IMAGE SCANNER rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation, and ES-1200C, and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. CA
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of photocopiers, of copyrighted Although Section the U.S. Copyright of United States the copying those as broad as people the of knowledgeable attorney, and published without the of the copyright FCC United States edict& Concerning of Copyrighted WARNING
option interface OPERATE interface
The EPSON with or A4 It the to or from to It high-quality reading and The offers the following features: or reading. reading, to to Scanning of The to match the of of to (interpolated) (AAS). This the to text from photographs that and text Text This the when the character (OCR) scanning. interfaces, bidirectional and SCSI. these interfaces, to the the Introduction
Higher with EPSON option. Selecting this option (interference) from The EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN This software of advanced features. You and them to as that the industry-standard TWAIN interface, of and Software of Software commands with the EPSON ES-1200C The following optional items to the of information these options, Chapter of this and the that with the option. Transparency Unit This option allows to and black-and-white It reading of inches which allows to to or A4 This option character (OCR) scanning. The allows to to automatically. You then them as typed them yourself. Introduction TM
About This Chapter and to to this first. Chapter information including and to the optional and and Chapter troubleshooting information. The the specifications. and Notes Notes information and the of Where to EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services: Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer to injury. to to Introduction
Technical information and of EPSON products Customer relations. to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound You purchase or from EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). please If using software with EPSON the that technical information. Services You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours and of the services below. World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the Introduction
EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service BBS software to parity. to EPSON Fax-on-Demand Service You technical information or and selecting the option. You to Fax-on-Demand. EPSON CompuServe of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory credit and ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or the the through the Introduction
only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. the near outlet where the easily the become or If with the the rating of the the the Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected Introduction If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. fiche
Chapter the Choosing the Releasing the Transportation the Connecting the to Connecting the to Interface SCSI Software the
Choosing the Follow these when location the the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. Allow the the and to the where easily the cord. allow the that the cover. the from high and and to or humidity. the from sunlight and light to or the inches or _J inches inches or inches
Releasing the Transportation the to follow the below to release the the with its rear facing the to the UNLOCK as shown below. to the to the LOCK OY the the
the the to the the back of the and the other properly grounded outlet as shown below. If of the lights the OPERATE to off the the There of this and to the If the the back of the the Whenever off the least seconds turning back turning the and off country,
the the operating properly to the cover the of the Turn the the OPERATE While the the the flashes. If the the (the of the to the the completed its the READY light If the as off. that the and that the the UNLOCK Then the and its Connecting the to both bidirectional interface and SCSI interface. connected to both interfaces the The switches to the interface. To the to PC, of the following: bidirectional necessary. Then the to the bidirectional interface as the section. the
IBM PS/2 and other built-in bidirectional interfaces. You to these the built-in interface SCSI board necessary. Then the to the SCSI as SCSI To the to Apple to SCSI board to Macintoshs built-in SCSI as SCSI To interface correctly, to the or both. The following sections to and each type of interface. Connecting the to Interface To the to interface shielded interface and follow the below. that both the and turned off. the The bidirectional interface bidirectional interface specifications to its built-in interface bidirectional.
the of the to the then the screws the of the the of the the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, it to the ground the
SCSI first SCSI board built-in SCSI to SCSI board. Follow the below to the to PC or SCSI The SCSI interface allows to to including the the first SCSI connected to the each of the other connected to the previous Each SCSI ID the usually and each of the other and Also, the first and the the including the terminators. If other the terminators, the turned off. The SCSI and built-in that or off. the SCSI ID The factory-set SCSI ID of the The SCSI ID usually If of the SCSI already the SCSI ID the SCSI ID to as the the
the SCSI ID switch the of the To the SCSI ID, the to the the SCSI ID to that already assigned to another the and other function properly. If software only the ES-1200C the to the to ES-1200C ES-1200C the SCSI ID If of other SCSI already the SCSI ID that to the
the termination switch The built-in SCSI If the the SCSI to or the the the termination switch If the the of off the termination switch. Connecting the to or to another SCSI To the to SCSI with the and the other the To the to PC or another SCSI SCSI with both the as follows: that the the and other SCSI turned off and from the the
the of the to the top or SCSI of the then the together they both the other of the to the SCSI of or other SCSI the of and other SCSI Turn the and other SCSI Turning and SCSI follow the when and SCSI If internal the and other SCSI to seconds; then the The SCSI of the the with the SCSI the
If turn the the (which should first the and other SCSI to seconds; then the SCSI the of the off to them. Software that connected the to the thing to software. Follow the instructions EPSON Scanning Then Chapter scanning. the
Chapter Lights and the Removing the Recommended RAM and boards software the Transporting the
Lights and The three lights and buttons. OPERATE READY light when the ready to This light flashes scanning. this light and the ERROR light the type of the ERROR light (red) when with the READY light, the type of OPERATE the and off. RESET the Pressing this the and the scanning software. light when the turned
If the operating and the READY and ERROR lights the type of Troubleshooting. the to the rights of copyright owners. published or without first the copyright Turn the the OPERATE The OPERATE light
Turn the and that the READY light the cover. the the with the to that the
the software to the that the the that the properly focused. to the cover. This interference from light. the clean. this chapter information cleaning the twisting the when or photographs the of they to the heavy top of the that the
Removing the thick or other that to the cover. To this, the back of the cover the and straight with the cover cover of the to interference from light. the cover straight the back of clicks force the cover off the or from front of the This the cover.
Recommended satisified with the of the or with the of processing, this section. While it further information, or RAM and Scanned memory than text RAM Access Memory) and than previously. boards to memory, to than ones. Therefore, to board to that text enough graphic If to You or of to the highest
The of of affects the of the high first the right software to or they to 3MB 1.44MB software and them with of or quality; others the exactly the as the The the and however, To operating its should cleaning, the and the interface connected to the Clean the outer with If the of the dirty, with cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to- amount of cloth to off with cloth. that there the of the white
the The of the If the or becomes too to normally, the and both the READY and ERROR lights flash. this about the assembly. to scratch and OY to the thinner, OY to clean the These chemicals the as as the to the OY This permanently the and the the Warning: the of the necessary, OY the of the If think repairs OY
Transporting the the or follow the below to the Turn the and the to the (the back of the Then off the the to the LOCK to the If the the to the If the front of the and the to the back of the Then the to LOCK.
the Transparency Unit Unpacking the the screw the the and reflective Positioning and Scanning (reflective) the the the Loading the Loading manually specifications
the Transparency Unit the high-quality, of and Also, once the when reflective Unpacking the the items shown below and that EPSON item or reflective screws
the screw To screw attached to the Follow the below to this screw the Turn the the the screw as shown below. the screw the as shown. CLAMP STOCK)
the to the and its screw. You the screw when the assembly its To to its when the attached to the the the and then off. the Follow the below to the the You the and the the the the turned off, and the the cover holding the cover the and the back of the cover straight as shown
the screws the back of the and the the these screws. the screws with the the the as shown below, and then the screws with coin. the ions
the to the option the Then the the and reflective shown the the with three or and reflective scanning To the Positioning and the To the reflective Scanning (reflective) the reflective or the the and them the the
I-L Positioning and You or of the Select the to to the of or as the below. Transparency or to inches OY the of the the and the the with cloth. to inches Transparency with x5-inch to inches Transparency with 10.25.inch-long
If than the the directly the without as shown below. The allows to to inches Scanning information with the Follow the below to or the or the with 5-inch the
the clear and the or the as shown below. the containing the or the the right as shown below. If the reflective from the the (If completely, option and the
Follow the below to or the with 10.25-inch-long the the the the the with the right of the as shown below. If the reflective from the the (If completely, option and the
Scanning (reflective) To reflective when the the reflective included with the Also, the from the the reflective as below. the the the reflective the the and the
the reflective and the To the reflective and of the the the The allows to the It OCR character scanning, or creating
the the items shown below and that If item or EPSON screws the Follow the below to the You the and the the the the turned off, and the the cover holding the cover the and the back of the cover straight as shown
the screws the back of the and the the these screws. the protective from the mounting the screws with the the the as shown below, and then tighten the screws with coin.
the protective from the mounting the the to the option the Then the Loading the You to the based of and thickness of inches or You of the following specifications the of this chapter information the inches B5 A4 inches inches the
Follow the below to the the the to the and the with the to facing Then the right it with the right of the the to the Then the with the to facing and the right with the right of the
the the the when finished. If first the cover. Then the and the of the to too the tear, to the the and the
Loading manually You manually when the To manually, the and the the Then the and the the and its cover scanning. the or its cover while operating option and feeding the the the below. Thickness: to inches to to to High-quality or thermal type: with photocopiers, or to inches to to inches to
that clean and the of the following: The the The or and or The or other attached to These the The than inches from its The and bound, such as or The coating. Other photographs or artwork the it become or high-quality or halftone to the and each individually.
Chapter Troubleshooting Lights Command Interface Option and Troubleshooting
If while the this chapter the following Incorrect of the interface selection of functions Incorrect of or software Incorrect of software. the that with software, and Lights If the operating and the READY and ERROR lights the type of READY light ERROR light On On Flashing Command The incorrect commands from software. If this to the The to when commands. Normally to the Troubleshooting Flashing Interface Flashing type Command Option
Interface The interface or the properly connected to the If this the interface Connecting the to Computer Chapter Then the RESET or the off and back to This of the following The to the LOCK The to replaced. The There such as cover, with the optional or the optional that the to the UNLOCK and then the RESET If the properly, turning the off and then back If properly, or this repeatedly, Option This such as with option the option and the Chapter Troubleshooting
and The OPERATE light the correctly the and the The READY light the correctly connected to the and that the turned The scanning. that selected the interface and with software. the interface properly If using the SCSI interface, that the termination and SCSI ID switch correctly. SCSI If other boards that they with the of the interface board The software properly. correctly and and software. software this and software Troubleshooting
that the such as the operating specified software. Confirm that the enough memory software. If other software the RAM or the enough memory software, and The or that the the You the scanning. the of the and while the operating. that the or of the or of the warped, or with the the The of the scanned. The around the If of the the to that the to within the heavy the Troubleshooting
or the of the If the thick or warped the the of the Cover the of the with to light. If of the the that with the the of the The or of that the the with the software. The too the with software. the brightness and of Straight the The the that the and with the the top and of the The the as the of software. Troubleshooting
software matching and features, or these of software correctly software and If software, the software read. that the the type of to software and Scanning of the If this only, or its head malfunctioning. If this both and the malfunctioning. halftoning used, textured of appear of This software information halftoning and (interference) Colors from those the the software, correction, and correction. of these the and of and software. the to software and Troubleshooting
matching of Scanning software, and information matching and Printed from those the reproduction of software The or than the The software the of the the of the to the The the the or the that the properly connected to the and correctly that software properly and software and Troubleshooting
Specifications Specifications Conditions Source Specifications Interface Specifications SCSI Specifications A-2 A-3 A-4 A-4 A-5 A-5 A-6 A-7
Specifications type: Photoelectric Effective Scanning Reading Brightness: art process: A-2 Flatbed, CCD (Charged Coupled inches or A4 (The reading specified from software.) to through software RGB CCD Three-pass (R, G, B) (R, G, B) (R, G, B) to as threshold Text halftoning (A, B, and C) and dither (A, B, C, and D) and only dither
correction: correction: Interface: Light the the back of the the of Rated Rated CRT type type CRT only) type Bidirectional and SCSI cathode of MCBF) Width: inches Depth: inches inches to 132VAC to W, with optional to VAC to A-3
Conditions Humidity: Specifications to without EMC: A-4 to to C) to to C) to without to without Ordinary office or should sunlight or light should UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EN EN Nordic Deviation (NEMKO) FCC CSA C108.8 EN55022 (CISPR EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC
Source Specifications Reflective type: Transparency type: Interface Specifications Interface type: Bidirectional interface Synchronization: ACKNLG and BUSY Input/output and interface TTL type Connector type: Connector with smooth (optional required) A-5
SCSI Specifications Interface type: ID Terminator: Connector type: A-6 ANSI X3.131-1986 BUS FREE phase ARBITRATION phase SELECTION/RESELECTION phase COMMAND phase to and function supported.) DATA phase phase phase STATUS phase MESSAGE phase MESSAGE IN phase MESSAGE OUT phase ATTENTION RESET TTL ANSI X3.131-1986 from to (Select ES-1200C ES-1200C the SCSI ID
The to of the following The turned The INIT from the interface: LOW. The SCSI from the SCSI interface. Software Software the ESC the command. The SCSI A-7