Specifications light IEEE Transportation and the Transparency (TPU) USB Transparency (TPU) Transparency (TPU) light Transportation Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective US or A4 inches The of achieved interpolated to to with function) (input and Brightness EPSON Scan, correction brightness) Interface USB IEEE Light White cathode Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches Perfection Perfection
Perfection VAC Rated to Rated input operating stand-by the US the the back of the information. Operation: to F to C) to F to C) Humidity Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or sunlight, and light UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR USB Interface Interface type Specification Revision Connector type One B) Interface Interface type IEEE ANSI X3T10 4L (SBP-2) Connector type IEEE Perfection Transparency Unit The built the Rated DC DC or the following 5-inch and to inches inches when inches when the Scanning and Restoring The following Photoshop and EPSON Scan. If another software Photoshop or Photoshop On the Photoshop Applications and the Photoshop Select EPSON Perfection
EPSON Scan, choose or Professional You to this: Click the the of the appears the Click the to the to scanned. the necessary. the ICE or Restoration Professional to the of the If photo dirty, scratched, creased, or torn, ICE If the Restoration You both necessary. Click the Scan Click the appears Photoshop Scanning and to the reflective this the (light which built the If or to of the instructions and sheets, to inches, the on-screen Reference the Transparency Unit the connected to the the back of the (If connected, off the the then the back the the and the reflective and off of the as shown. If or the cover, then the the with the facing (If to Perfection Perfection
Perfection the cover the the as shown. the white the to the of the If the the Then the the this the cover. Perfection this uncovered Selecting or EPSON Scan The following Photoshop and EPSON Scan. If another software Photoshop or Photoshop On Macintosh, the Photoshop Applications and the Photoshop Select EPSON Perfection EPSON Scan, choose or Professional the and (Professional Professional choose Click the the of the of appear the
each thumbnail, from the following options Professional to the of the Reduction only Professional with high-speed or Select the of reduction clicking the button. Restoration to Professional Select the of clicking the ICE scratches, and fingerprints. You and ICE the Click the Scan Click the appear Photoshop Light The light to the the of the as below. Light On The ready to Flashing The or scanning. Flashing the following, then off and back to The or turned off. Transporting the If to or of Turn the and the to the the light off the the Disconnect the USB or IEEE the Turn the to the to the Perfection Perfection the turned to the the the properly connected to If the reflective If this the the to or the another or
Perfection the to the to Related the Perfection CPD-18892 Perfection CPD-18893 Perfection CPD-18891 Perfection software CD-ROM CPD-18890 Perfection Reference (HTML)