CPD 8882-R1
basics.book Thursday, AM Printed with least
basics.book Thursday, AM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice, and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD 8882-R1 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
basics.book Thursday, AM EPSON COLOR the office or You from reports and to and with The with these features: to inch), and text or of Great including and Creative software ideas business or
basics.book Thursday, AM About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without creative software, including: The EPSON to software full-featured ArcSoft PhotoPrinter SE, photo that allows to and directly from PC EPSON Software Factory photo and EPSON COLOR Reference information about (You HTML browsersuch as or or or laterto the If software from CD-ROM, instructions. If to the the CD-ROM, CD-ROM then the EPSON
basics.book Thursday, AM About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with the basic about with, or troubleshooting EPSON COLOR Reference instructions Notes, and Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about hints
basics.book Thursday, AM To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or NT recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to the D-SUB, and the If to EPSON COLOR with USB or with built-in USB optional You purchase the from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please The and EPSON USB and USB included the CD-ROM that with NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, printers, and to reduce caused
basics.book Thursday, AM Year Ready EPSON Ready. the other of ready the Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or sunlight. or the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off.
basics.book Thursday, AM If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the the the within months of them. this the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
basics.book Thursday, AM software CD-ROM includes EPSON COLOR Reference The HTML browsersuch as or or or laterto If the correctly. included the software CD-ROM.) Accessing You EPSON COLOR Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears:
basics.book Thursday, AM Click The following appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. If the to clicking EPSON and selecting ESC the the section. the Reference first the this Click to the of Click topic the to the of
basics.book Thursday, AM expanding the of the topic to Expanded of to to topic Click the right arrow to Click topic to to or the arrow to the Closed to Click to to topic
basics.book Thursday, AM
basics.book Thursday, AM from to what to to basic as or photographfrom the to selecting to Follow the instructions this chapter. You selecting using the EPSON as below. If already with to these Selecting with options or or selecting color-matching of such as EPSON or the EPSON software CD-ROM includes with instructions. The shows to and to If the when Follow these the software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears. Click Creative Software then EPSON To the the EPSON Then follow the on-screen instructions to
basics.book Thursday, AM with This section these the software Loading and turned the right and the the only to this arrow the following when the The whiter or or the top of the the first. Dont the arrow the If or that isnt through instructions. the right
basics.book Thursday, AM the Software and ready to the to and then, from the You the slightly the following selections the EPSON COLOR selected. If If or Then the Select If the instead of selecting from the the option to the Click to to the If or button, Then the
basics.book Thursday, AM Selecting Software The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose You the the If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, Selecting the Correct instructions to to To text Black this matches the Select Select the Select or higher-quality Click OK to to the
basics.book Thursday, AM the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or the (The when selected.) information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. The apply to the currently If usually type of the You this the through the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select NT). Then the become the and Click OK when finished. You the as type; instructions.
basics.book Thursday, AM Click OK to to shown below. Click OK (or to the appears and shows the of You the to or You and appear to or below advanced through printed/ of the OK to to to to about the
basics.book Thursday, AM information printingfor the or the EPSON COLOR Reference instructions the Printing Photographs The includes PhotoEnhance options that increase brightness and to the appearance of low-resolution You such as Soft If software to increase or high-resolution to the instead. PhotoEnhance only affects with PhotoEnhance and Follow these or software. Access the as You this Choose the to (If which to select, Selecting the Correct Choose (You PhotoEnhance the Black selected.) Click PhotoEnhance If photograph with the Correction This the appearance of photographs with
basics.book Thursday, AM You of photographs. Select the that matches photograph People or Nature or of the Soft or You to with these to the If to of orientation, and the (You often these software. If should the there.) If to reduce or the to or the (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Click OK (or to and the with PhotoEnhance Custom EPSON COLOR software includes with options of as or You color-matching These the type of and You the Advanced to as Follow these to with types: or software. Access the as You the Advanced to as
basics.book Thursday, AM Choose the to (If which to choose, Selecting the Correct Choose or Black Click Custom and then Custom You the of types. Choose following these that these restricted the and Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM and only): created ICM recommended only with created using such as those the World choose and type. with the or choose. Click then to of types.
basics.book Thursday, AM If to of orientation, and the (You often these software. If should the there.) If to reduce or the to or the (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Click OK (or to Advanced and effects. You as them whenever To the Advanced follow these or software. Then the as Select and
basics.book Thursday, AM Click Custom and then the Advanced You the Advanced Click to Quality of these options or other choose the and These the as the selected the You them as Choose Quality Select (the operating Select other to Click OK to to Click OK (or to information about the this section, EPSON COLOR Reference them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. the selected
basics.book Thursday, AM How the and To EPSON included the EPSON Quality that with Instructions the with other the following of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON Quality EPSON Quality and as to Quality as the EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. EPSON 6-inch around the and the to the of the paperon of the back cover and information. the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing to of 6-inch, or or of included the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as
basics.book Thursday, AM If or follow the instructions to and the to as the If 6-inch or follow the the 6-inch the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown: You to sheets of 6-inch the included and beneath the them. (If the sheets, to the the of the the software, to inches. You softwares Reduce/Enlarge as EPSON COLOR Reference Choose as the Choose as the and as the Printable the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off.
basics.book Thursday, AM the of then its top and the to feed the the as the Choose as the and the Preserving EPSON EPSON specially to with to that as as photographs when protected from light or EPSON or mounted the the UV light protection than other photo the type and of the light exposed to, EPSON or years noticeable light or increase protected or and life, EPSON the back cover of this of to as from the the
basics.book Thursday, AM You to the first and the right and the as shown each or as the and choose the as the the software. the thickness to the when or other thick as shown the to the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced this option and thick
basics.book Thursday, AM Selecting the Correct the type of software. Thats why the It what of using and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight If with cleaning the cleaning with this the Quality Quality
basics.book Thursday, AM This section the to to its and to follow the instructions this chapter cleaning the head the head the EPSON COLOR Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head clean only You the head of the following the Head Cleaning software (when the connected to as using the buttons, as finished cleaning the head. the Its to least once month to
basics.book Thursday, AM the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning utility: the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the If the as to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the On the the Head Cleaning button. Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the head and the cleaning the the and Then Next The the section If with cleaning the cleaning with this the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than and
basics.book Thursday, AM If the completely, If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the Follow these to clean the head: the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the Press the light flashes. light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and Then to If the as to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the You the turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than and
basics.book Thursday, AM the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to and then cleaning the head the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions.
basics.book Thursday, AM Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020187 S020191 or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge You empty. the the obtained the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
basics.book Thursday, AM Removing and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the cleaning and about three seconds the head slightly and the Press the the the yellow of the top. or light To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or to the clear the (S020187) (S020191)
basics.book Thursday, AM the The from its (The shows the To the only the the the of the and of the its with the facing and the back of the of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with
basics.book Thursday, AM Press the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the The Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the and about three seconds the head slightly and the Press the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing. or
basics.book Thursday, AM Unwrap the the of the top. the The from its (The shows the To the only the the the of the and of To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or to the clear the of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with (S020187) (S020191)
basics.book Thursday, AM the its with the facing and the back of the Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about finished, the The light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the
basics.book Thursday, AM the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. If the as to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the the EPSON the whenever the head thats least inches This from the and
basics.book Thursday, AM Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont touch the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the
basics.book Thursday, AM Transporting the If to its Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the that with to the as If the the head the head To the when the to the the its location. the to the the the
basics.book Thursday, AM
basics.book Thursday, AM This section the basics and First to what the of the Then and to and software You the lights, as below. It helpful to instructions. Checking the Lights light light light light Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to cleaning
basics.book Thursday, AM Follow these when the lights or flash: The flashes the the light flashes, supply S020187, S020191). or light to the S020187, S020191). instructions. or and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. light flashes, Turn off the and the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Then the light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Press the to and lights of the head. Turn off the seconds, and turn back If off the the and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. the the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the and switch or another lights and the and
basics.book Thursday, AM You to whether the from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. To the off the the Then the interface and and If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the and information. then and release the the
basics.book Thursday, AM If the of the to the following right cover thickness
basics.book Thursday, AM and basic troubleshooting software, or quality. the or Its Software The the The first the charge its charging finished (the light off the If turn off the while charging the the and than necessary. the completely and that the The finished charging the the light flashing the If the or the light flashing passed, the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON or Where To the software follow the instructions turned and the securely connected. closed other applications, including Then the software
basics.book Thursday, AM If the software and the and to the You first the software as then the software. If the software and and to Follow the below to the software). Turn off the Disconnect the and the to and Double-click the Double-click the Right-click and On the LPT1 then OK then using the ECP/DMA or the instructions. (ECP/DMA to the EPSON COLOR Reference instructions. with light nothing the the interface connected securely. shielded IEEE-1284 as If successfully, and software correctly. If to as EPSON COLOR Reference
basics.book Thursday, AM The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to the following: Clear or Dont too the Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include other the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off. and High when or while Quality You the head To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or the If light flashing, the If than months to instructions. the thickness the as shown the If thicker or the to
basics.book Thursday, AM You the head clogged. To the head, the Head instructions. the thickness the as shown below. the thickness to the when thicker or You to off High the softwares Advanced or smeared isnt or (the should If of with or or the specifications EPSON COLOR Reference the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown to the
basics.book Thursday, AM or the the head clogged. To the head, the To the matches the isnt dirty, or If of with the The usually whiter or incorrect or the to the head clogged. To clean the head, the or too If light flashing, the If than months to If high- turning off PhotoEnhance. instructions. exactly match on-screen to as as information softwares matching EPSON COLOR Reference
basics.book Thursday, AM incorrect characters interface securely connected. that the both to and the from selected as the or as the to EPSON COLOR instructions selecting the or there If there them and then switch with the directly to and using higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software instructions. and white and selected software selected and the software. with or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin.
basics.book Thursday, AM the of from the that the Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as the to the the Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. the as If smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the to the of feed the the of from the the isnt too thin. the of the of to the sheets. the as the the of the If too the both the software and Printout The incorrect the software instructions selecting the the within the of the Specifications EPSON COLOR Reference information.
basics.book Thursday, AM The or incorrect the and/or options correctly. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the the correctly The selected or as the the the software the head clogged. To clean the head, Uninstalling Software If to software, follow the below: Double-click the then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the Select the EPSON COLOR Click the and follow the instructions If the software the optional with to Click EPSON USB Software the Click the and follow the instructions To software, the section. Software If to software, follow the instructions the software, following the instructions the previous section.
basics.book Thursday, AM Where To If with or its software, the information below. with the creative the software CD-ROM, information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following services Service World From the reach EPSON FTP EPSON CompuServe Automated services Service EPSON SoundAdvice SM EPSON FaxAdvice TM EPSON Service If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and to commonly about EPSON products hours Access technical information You to this service. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer
basics.book Thursday, AM To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR Product (located the back of the of the You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If another software with EPSON the that software technical information. Creative Software Technical If with the creative software the software CD-ROM, please the as below: ArcSoft PhotoPrinter to ArcSoft Technical CA
Thursday, AM EPSON and to the that earned of its awards! specially coated to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Quality Bright white, with smooth to Perfect and and and of Perfect of snapshots, art, and the back cover of EPSON and information. Quality bright white sheets with the highest-gloss finish. Perfect professional high-resolution photographs of Iron-On Cool and photographs or other cloth items. Perfect t-shirts, crafts, and
Thursday, AM to EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Black S020187 S020191 EPSON EPSON S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON A6 inches) S041144-KIT EPSON A6 inches) S041144 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality S041124 Heavyweight S041257 A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041117 A4 inches) S041061 S041067 inches S041122 S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041063 A4 S041126