Reference
This tested and found to with the Class to and, and with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the user to to the interference or reception. there that interference interference installation. This and of the FCC These to reasonable protection installation. If this interference to and reception, which or of the following FCC United States the outlet from that to which the connected Increase the the and WARNING technician or the of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC interfaces. or the the authority to the
This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of photocopiers, of copyrighted Although Section copying those as broad as people the of knowledgeable attorney, and published of the U.S. Copyright of United States the without the of the copyright Concerning of Copyrighted
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Copyright Notice SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, and EPSON of America, Inc. EPSON SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice of America, Inc. LaserSoft and of LaserSoft Germany. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Inc., California, USA EX8001298-00
Introduction The EPSON or photographs. It achieves high It the to or from to with inch A4 or US reading and to You the to match the of of of to or to of EPSON offers the following features: software of with Text (TET) character (OCR) when text or backgrounds. photographs and text (AAS) text from Introduction Software of SCSI interface
Introduction Optional The following optional items to the of information these Optional (B813162) The allows to to automatically. Transparency Unit (B813152) The included with the Professional of the EPSON and optional the and It allows to such as and It reading of inches which allows to of
SCSI to as SCSI SCSI from to to and software when from to to This Specifications technical and its optional and Transporting and Optional instructions and using the optional and Troubleshooting to to of or to to injury. information about Notes and Notes Introduction
the cleaning Clean with cloth only. the of these instructions Follow and instructions the The Instructions outlets the as or to properly grounded outlets. that switch and off. enough to the or workstation the to reach both easily the cord. or cover the the through the the type of indicated the the or heat rating of the the rating of the the the cords Also, the If with the the the become or Introduction to service the yourself.
the the with the the back of the and it to service the following If the or the If the supply or malfunctioning If the If the normally or performance. Introduction
EPSON through the following services: From the reach World Where to Access Service services software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user If FTP (or other anonymous and as the EPSON FTP You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON Download Service of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and EPSON CompuServe Introduction
to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON SoundAdvice SM You to this Access technical information service. EPSON FaxAdvice Access Service Automated telephone services the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON Service Introduction
(U.S.) or A.M. to P.M., installation, and of EPSON products. EPSON technical and information the through please the following information ready: Product Product If using the EPSON technical software with that information. You purchase optional and from please U.S. EPSON (U.S. only). www.epsonsupplies.com. of the Introduction
SCSI the following sections to to SCSI The SCSI interface allows to to (such as SCSI the connected to the each of the other CD-ROM, and to the the first connected to another SCSI SCSI Chain SCSI
SCSI the SCSI If SCSI to the of SCSI and SCSI to purchase SCSI interface board. The to the to SCSI To the to another SCSI the of feet otherwise the properly. SCSI ID SCSI ID TERMINATOR SW OPTION LOCK UNLOCK ON OFF OFF ON the SCSI the SCSI ID and The EPSON and each of the other SCSI ID the SCSI ID switch the of the SCSI ID SCSI ID SCSI
termination switch ON The first and the swtich which located the termination of the termination switch termination switch to ON. or ON. the including the terminated, other the terminated. The EPSON with the EPSON of the The SCSI Termination or switch other than the first off the termination the SCSI and the SCSI ID TERMINATOR SW OPTION LOCK UNLOCK ON OFF OFF SCSI
the ID to using the switch which of SCSI already SCSI ID the of the the the to The SCSI ID If the to SCSI ID numbers. Then follow these to the ID the SCSI ID turned off the SCSI ID the the switch the back of the to the SCSI ID Turn the back Turn the off. ON the and other properly. the SCSI assigned to another ID to ID that already SCSI ID TERMINATOR SW OPTION LOCK UNLOCK OFF ON OFF the SCSI ID If information. SCSI
Not Factory of the Not recommended; usually SCSI ID ID Not the the SCSI board Not built-in CD-ROM Not selected when the SCSI
If with and to the SCSI ID follow the below. and the Double-click the the SCSI ID Select the then the switch the back of the to the SCSI ID and off PC and Click OK and the SCSI Turn and then PC. Follow the instructions the
from to If the software with and then to and the software. Follow these Double-click Select EPSON TWAIN and then follow the instructions the Click and then from to
finished EPSON TWAIN to LaserSoft TWAIN To the EPSON software, follow the instructions and from to
Follow the these sections to and the optional Optional the Transparency Unit the Optional
of or and You The optional B813152) with the TPU Follow the these sections to and the TPU: the Transparency Unit Unpacking the Transparency Unit and with the Professional The Its of the EPSON of the option the Scanning Normal with the Transparency Unit Scanning and the Transparency Unit the Screw the Optional
these items included the with the TPU. EPSON or Unpacking the Transparency Unit the recommended that You the built the the the TPU. reflective screws 5-inch Optional
To screw attached to the TPU to its assembly. You this screw the TPU. head head) screwdriver to the screw from the CLAMP, as shown below. Turn the TPU the the Screw You the TPU to without the screw from the CLAMP. the screw the STOCK. Optional
the off, the TPU, and the back of the the LOCK the and the screw the outer CLAMP. The the Transparency Unit screw the assembly the assembly to If cant the CLAMP the front its of the TPU to allow the when If this the to the the TPUs the turned off. Then the from the the cover the back of the as shown and easing the Follow the below to the TPU: Optional
the the mounting the heads of the mounting screws located the back of the the TPU slightly the front of these with the screw the back of the the the the screws the back of the TPUs mounting with the screw these the screw Optional
the screws that with the TPU the screw then the screws with coin. the screws the screw Gently the TPU. Optional
the TPU to the option the back of the To the TPU the attached screws. OPTION the TPU heavy the TPU. SCSI ID TERMINATOR SW OPTION the back and LOCK UNLOCK ON OFF Optional
the or the To or that than of the the of the arrow the right of the as shown below. The of or inches the TPU and to the instructions EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft both the EPSON Scanning CD-ROM.) Scanning and If the and LaserSoft LaserSoft the software the or Professional that CD-ROM. the right of the the Optional
and 5-inch Follow the these You the four that with the TPU to of or or the Loading Loading or Loading of or Loading 5-inch Optional
the the as shown below. The and right of the should the of the section of the of the Loading (smooth) of the facing and the each the that the facing EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft both these the directory the TPU and the to EPSON Scanning CD-ROM.) If the and LaserSoft LaserSoft the software the or Professional that CD-ROM. Optional
Loading of or the the than the If the of the (smooth) of the facing and the facing the and right of the with the of the the the the Optional
the TPU and the to the instructions EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft the the of the the right of the Loading or or Professional that software If the LaserSoft CD-ROM. the the LaserSoft and using Optional
(smooth) of the should facing and the the the that the to with the the The should facing If the and LaserSoft LaserSoft the software the or Professional that CD-ROM. both the of the TPU and the to the instructions EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft EPSON Scanning CD-ROM.) Optional
the 5-inch the Loading 5-inch If the and LaserSoft LaserSoft the software the or Professional that CD-ROM. the the the to with the the the smooth of facing and the facing the TPU. Scan to the instructions EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft Optional
the TPU. If theres the the the reflective the the TPU and the the To with the TPU the reflective included with the TPU as below. Scanning Normal with the Transparency Unit reflective Optional the and the TPU.
or LaserSoft Scan to the instructions EPSON TWAIN (TWAIN or to Reflective both the EPSON Scanning CD-ROM). Source to the from the then of the TPU. To the reflective If the and using LaserSoft LaserSoft the software the or Professional that CD-ROM. Follow the these sections to and the ADF: The B813162) OCR character scanning or creating It the the Fixing the Loading the the Optional
that the following items included the ADF EPSON anything or the screws Optional
The ADF clear around the and Dont the protective from the mounting finished the the ADF, that: To the ADF, LaserSoft EPSON TWAIN the ADF. the cover the back of the cover as shown and easing the cover Turn off and the and cord. Follow the below to the ADF Optional
the front of these with the screw located the back of the the ADF slightly the mounting the mounting screws the back of the the screws mounting the the the screws the finished tightening protective with the screw these the screw Optional
the screws that with the ADF the screw then the screws with coin. the screws the screw the protective from the mounting and the ADF. Optional
the to the option interface. the the screws. OPTION the and the SCSI ID TERMINATOR SW OPTION LOCK UNLOCK ON OFF Optional
The ADF to sheets of the following based of and thickness of inch or Loading the inches B5: inches Checks: artwork the ADF; photographic sheets or or to inches A4: inches inches the ADF, the and or Also, and too thick to feed the ADF successfully. or other attached that the or coating. areas. bound. Optional
Follow the below to the ADF: the the the right the the the then the of originals with the to that the to facing first the top. the the ADF Optional
the to the of Loading halftone high-quality or the ADF and to as Follow the EPSON TWAIN to while scanning. and possibly Dont the ADF option feeding manually. You manually while the ADF the ADF and the the Then the ADF and (located the EPSON the as EPSON TWAIN Scanning CD-ROM.) Loading manually Optional
If there the cover to where the occurred. the and the of the Fixing the to the release the too the It tear, to to the the ADF cover and the off and or the RESET Optional
and Transporting This chapter and It includes the following Transporting the Transparency Unit the the Cleaning the and Transporting
cleaning turn the off and the Then the with To operating its should with amount of cloth. If grease or other hard-to-remove the If the of the dirty, with cloth. off with lint-free cloth. Cleaning the necessary, the warranty. If Customer think repairs or EPSON the or the or cloth or to the Scratch or the thinner, or the and
the assembly to replaced. You EPSON Customer to the Where to and both the READY and ERROR lights flash. If this The of the If the or becomes too to normally, the the necessary, the warranty. If Customer think repairs or EPSON and Transporting
If to the or the the the UNLOCK the SCSI ID switch with the Transporting the the the front of the the to to the If and the to the LOCK Then If the the the back of the If or the cover. the the cover the the as shown, then gently. the back of the Then turn the off. Turn the and the to the and Transporting
the to the LOCK LOCK UNLOCK SCSI ID TERMINATOR SW OPTION LOCK UNLOCK ON OFF and Transporting
assembly to to the the back of the the front of the to allow the the assembly to the from the as follows: Transporting the Transparency Unit assembly to the the and Transporting
the screw the CLAMP and Transporting
Troubleshooting This It includes the following software or such Incorrect of the SCSI interface and If that the and Lights to what of it and the the that with software, and other If the lights. selection of the Incorrect of or software Incorrect operation of software Troubleshooting
If the operating. The READY and ERROR lights the type of software. the If the The incorrect commands from restarting the Command On On Lights type READY light ERROR light Then the RESET or the off and connected to the the interface The interface or the properly Interface Flashing The the UNLOCK The Flashing Flashing RESET If the properly, Check that the then the off and If the or repeatedly, Theres with the TPU or ADF. that the option correctly, and that its cover closed. If ADF, and ttheres the Option The to replaced. The malfunctioning Troubleshooting
the following items to To and the appearance of the Additional memory. Scanned memory than text RAM and the of the high High The of affects or You to increase to than ones. software and them to their of software the of or to software. Troubleshooting
these sections the and and Matching Scan Quality Operation the correctly the and the the and connected to or switch. The The OPERATE light the securely connected to the interface and that the turned The READY light with The Troubleshooting
If selected the SCSI interface when software. Also, the SCSI interface properly. and the READY light The ready to The scanning. operating properly. software or interface If other boards that theyre with the of the SCSI interface Confirm that the and SCSI ID correctly. SCSI instructions. The software properly. the specified software. or the other software the RAM enough memory software and the enough memory software. If software this of correctly software. or the software software incorrectly. Troubleshooting
the of the and while the You the scanning. the the The correctly. Scan Quality The or the or the and smooth. of the or of the warped, or with the operating and instructions to IRQ conflicts. conflicts within There IRQ Troubleshooting
Reposition that the to within The around the the incorrectly. The The of the from the or the of the If the the of the of the with the the of the If the thick or the the of the the of the with to light. The light. that the the The correctly. the brightness option software to EPSON TWAIN the software incorrect. The or of Troubleshooting
the brightness software. Also the brightness and of software incorrect. Straight the The too that the and with the the top and of the information the (Both located the EPSON Scanning the to higher EPSON TWAIN or LaserSoft CD-ROM.) If the or Professional and LaserSoft the LaserSoft CD-ROM. Scan too The the instructions the If this only, caused causing the If this both and the malfunctioning. causing the of the Troubleshooting
The printed, the or the that software properly and software that the properly connected to the and correctly instructions.) causing the software causing the phenomenon that when thin such as the Newtons or appear when known as Newtons appears the when the ADF Clean the with lint-free cloth. The mounting the dirty. Troubleshooting
software. (If EPSON TWAIN first the Destination to or Matching The the as the software incorrect. If software, the software read. that the the type of to software features, or these of software matching and correctly installed. software software correctly to matching software and information matching and the TPU closed and that the the covered. Printed from those the matching If TPU, light. Troubleshooting
or Professional and LaserSoft TWAIN or LaserSoft correction, and correction. of these EPSON EPSON Scanning CD-ROM.) If the the software, instructions. these the the LaserSoft CD-ROM. the EPSON Screen as and Colors from those the to TWAIN and EPSON the software incorrect. and software. the matching and of the to software and affecting information and matching software and the TPU closed and that the the covered. matching If using TPU, light. Troubleshooting
the software to the Dont the of the to the The or than the You the software. appear To the that actually scanned, clicking and the the preview, then the which the of the and the to The software the as white, TPU selected as the Source The of the The or of the affects the The EPSON TWAIN Source selected software. the TPU closed and that the the covered. light. The TPU Troubleshooting
Specifications This chapter the technical specifications and its optional these Specifications to without Specifications Transparency Unit Specifications Specifications Specifications
Effective CCD Photoelectric Flatbed, type Specifications Scanning inches US or A4 reading specified from software with software Color: to RGB CCD ESC/I-B8 Command Specifications
input of to Three-pass (R, G, B); (R, G, B) (R, G, B) EPSON TWAIN Reading halftoning (A, B, and C) and dither (A, B, C, and D) AAS Segmentation, and halftoning EPSON TWAIN correction brightness.) Brightness TET (Text threshold art CRT type correction of White cathode Light SCSI-II pitch Interface type type CRT correction Specifications
with smooth Reflective type inches inches Depth: Width: Approximately Supported to VAC; autoswitching Specifications Rated and (optional TPU required) Transparency type to to Rated VDC AC and chassis) Insulation Check the the back of the information Specifications
sunlight or should Ordinary office or light should without to without to to F to C) to F to C) Specifications FCC CSA C108.8 (USA) CSA C22.2 with D3 UL with D3 EMC EN (CISPR AS/NZS EN (VDE) Specifications
EN Class EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 IEC IEC IEC EN 89/336/EEC 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive Directive CE Specifications
(the Unit and the Command Function SELECTION/RESELECTION phase MESSAGE OUT phase MESSAGE IN phase ATTENTION ARBITRATION phase DATA OUT phase supported) COMMAND phase DATA IN phase BUS FREE phase MESSAGE phase RESET STATUS phase DATA phase Functions ANSI X3.131-1994 (SCSI Interface type SCSI Interface Can from to (factory when the ID ANSI X3.131-1994 (SCSI TTL Specifications
half-pitch Connector type Connector Specifications
I/O DB0-DB7 I/O assignments SCSI NC Ground GND TERMPWR I/O DBP Acknowledge ACK MSG ATN RST I/O BSY C/D Input/output I/O REQ Select I/O SEL Specifications
The to of the following the SCSI from the SCSI interface. the turned software the ESC the command. Software the SCSI Specifications
from the top of the and ejected feeding through, ejecting, friction type Specifications Specifications the sheets or years ejecting sheets or years feeding closings Depth: Width: inches inches of A4, or Capacity A4, B5, inch High or thermal Ejecting Capacity Supported Specifications High and Compatible
Pasted, or specialty (such as Coated (such as and Stapled, clipped, torn, curled, or Tracing OHP or sheets Incompatible to inch to thickness to to AC and chassis) or VDC Insulation through the VDC VDC supply Operated properly KV or Operated properly KV or to AC and chassis) VAC Specifications
to to to or without to without to C) to F to F to C) Specifications sunlight or to F to C), to should light should thickness operating Ordinary office or RH) inches when height Directive EEC, EEC, EEC CE UL1950 FCC Specifications
White cathode Light scanning Transparency Unit Specifications RGB Specifications and reflective (with reflective Supported 5-inch inches with Depth: inches Width: inches inches Approximately Specifications
from the VDC VDC supply VDC: VDC: sunlight or should Ordinary office or light should to without to without to C) to F to F to C) Specifications Specifications
The of red, and (RGB)which the of white when These the of the with and Short The of processing. and off, or and The that the of allocated The the the of the that the and light scanning. function to or the brightness of of and the and yellow) Additive (red, and the of the type of that the as as to the correction
factory the of when other selections These the the factory. which software or tones with of dithering The such as of or that the the to read. inch. of The higher the the higher the with of to and white. of to halftoning where the operation. Also, the The the rear the cover of the the of the TPU where the assembly operation. type of that The only of or or interface Black and white or the of
read text from physical OCR graphical Character The that allows to of text to which from OCR Short Each of of counted of The type of which the once each Indication of finely Measured inch inch or inch operation the and the of The scanning. interface through which transmitted to SCSI that allows to connected SCSI The physical of the that the Interface. to to such as and CD-ROM SCSI The that SCSI to each other. If the ID the SCSI the properly. SCSI ID
or to other of that them from proceeding SCSI to from continuously bouncing when amounts. often to The and (CMY)which as of