cover Reference cover cover plate PC cover CompactFlash Cartridges Cartridge Black Capacity) U.S.: T007201; T007311 U.S.: T008201; T008311 light memory cover thickness EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality A6 A4 EPSON inches A4 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON only) EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Heavyweight S041257 EPSON inches Specifications Black each: yellow, light light Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON Remote 256KB interface USB capacity sheets EPSON 875DC EPSON 875DC A6, sheet A6, sheet S041062 S041067 S041061 S041072 S041107 S041071 S041141 S041134 S041145 S041140 S041144-KIT S041144 S041286 S041302
EPSON 875DC type Thickness sheets inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 Quality and inches) distributed EPSON Heavyweight inches) inches distributed EPSON Self-adhesive A4 sheets distributed EPSON inches DL, inches C6, inches inches) A6 EPSON inches inches) A4 inches A6 frames/sheet distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) distributed EPSON the first, first with the the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON 875DC inches) A4 A6 and to inch distributed EPSON to and distributed EPSON bond, or to inch to to to distributed EPSON Printable B-L B-R A: The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L: The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch You the to inch selecting as the the expanded to B-L B-R C to to C
EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch R: The and right inch The and right inch C: The inch EPSON 6-inch inches including the perforated The inches Cartridges Black (T007, capacity; T010, light capacity)* (T008)* Color(s) Black Yellow, Light Light capacity** T007:* ECMA T010: ECMA Cartridge years from (within months F C]) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) F C) F C) F C) inches (W H) (W H) the numbers. The based often the and the head. thaws and hours F C). the C each inches (W H) (W H) To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. PCMCIA Card Supports memory that to PCMCIA ATA such as Memory Stick, and CompactFlash-compatible EPSON Card. The that with the PCMCIA ATA and CompactFlash-compatible cards. If or Memory to purchase with V, V/5 V, Mechanical Friction sheets of capacity Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: Height: inches without the Specification to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC the the back of the EPSON 875DC EPSON 875DC
EPSON 875DC to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) (without to to UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC light light light cleaning Follow these when the lights. The light when the ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. flashes and light flashes and both lights Press the the and to to clear the If that off the and the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to EPSON 875DC the or light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. If light cant and with the type specifications). and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON. light the lights off, the off these the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet operable and switch or If try another Cartridge the First Follow these and the others through of the both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont the the back of the This and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the when the light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to the and lights and or both of the lights of the head. Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If the lights and/or or EPSON.
of the reach of and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the outlet and turned the and the cover. the Unwrap the then only the of the top. Dont off the Black Dont the each slightly as its the the back of the the the Dont the the the when the (The to Press the (shown and the cover. light flashing and the finished. Dont off the or charging or using than necessary. Its finished when the charging about with the light flashing. Testing the You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the USB from the or the EPSON 875DC EPSON 875DC
EPSON 875DC then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and the Whether or to the to the the below. Select this this and EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality Self-Adhesive EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON 875DC Quality Additional Loading Dont the cleaning that included with they the to the (whiter) of the the sheet You to the arrow the to the option, to the the software. If the protective sheets each of to the protective sheets that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the If as the Source amounts of feed the With the softwares or or or as the Printable or the They with the of the cleanlyat each cornerto the Memory Card the memory that with memory first, the the seated. the first, the memory the seated.
Removing the Memory Card You should memory EPSON USB RW Switcher to read-only and write-to- If or and write-to-disk should memory off or the USB of these procedures to the memory If the to the memory and If and write-to-disk the to the memory and If write- left-click the the and Stop EPSON SP 875DC Then the to the memory and If the memory From the that the memory from the and then the to the and the memory or off to the or while the light flashing. The and memory communicating, and the or turning off memory the Memory Card To the memory of the following: Click PC Card the appears Click the PC Card Select from If the PC Card or the command, or to the below, the the and memory to To the the the to PC Card of the following: If the Select from the PC Card or the command. You to this the PC Card Then OK Closing EPSON PhotoStarter If to when the memory the memory Right-click the EPSON PhotoStarter the and the that appears. Macintosh: Click the Application the right of and then EPSON PhotoStarter Click the The EPSON PhotoStarter to Memory Card To from to the memory EPSON USB RW Switcher USB RW Switcher memory read-only and write-to-disk the memory from the memory the Memory Card). Click to EPSON USB RW Switcher and EPSON USB RW Switcher the EPSON USB RW Switcher Double-click the EPSON USB RW Switcher EPSON 875DC EPSON 875DC
EPSON 875DC You to the following: Click OK to write-to-disk then the memory the memory the to If EPSON them to the memory If EPSON, to To the the assigned to the memory the and the Unknown or Untitled). Double-click the to The first photo You or to the memory to them the PC Card or To to read-only the memory from the memory the Memory Card Click and to EPSON USB RW Switcher and RW Switcher Macintosh: the EPSON USB RW Switcher and the EPSON USB RW Switcher EPSON 875DC You to this Click OK Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both To the of the graphic the or the the or EPSON You either empty. the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T007201 (U.S.); T007311 Capacity) T008201 (U.S.); T008311 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Once the the
Follow these to the turned and (the light should flashing). and lights to which to the the cover and the The head and the light To the the head hand. The the right and the the the the The from its the of the and of of the reach of and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the then the of the top. Dont off the Black Dont the You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or try to the clear the Dont the the back of the and the slightly as its the the back of the the the EPSON 875DC EPSON 875DC
EPSON 875DC Dont the the the the when Press the (The to than the If to the other through with Press the and the cover. The the head and the light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the The light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. EPSON 875DC Cleaning the head clean You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as the section the buttons, as the Its to turn least once month to the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning (recommended the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) If the with to then Right-click EPSON 875DC the Then Click the Macintosh: Click the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then Next The If the its If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head light flashes.
the to Clean the Head Follow these to the head: the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) cleaning and it three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and the of then to If the with to then Right-click EPSON 875DC the Then Click the Macintosh: Click the the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: light flashes. Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the and loaded. thats least to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head If the with to then Right-click the EPSON 875DC the Select Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the the You to and than once to head completely. Cleaning the To its should Follow these light to Turn off the and the the and the USB EPSON 875DC EPSON 875DC
EPSON 875DC the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the USB from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the that with to the as EPSON 875DC the to the the the the head and If the head output the head Related TM-SP875DC EPSON 875DC Service PL-SP875DC EPSON 875DC CPD-9809 EPSON 875DC CPD-9810 EPSON 875DC CPD-10109 EPSON 875DC the CPD-9811 EPSON 875DC software CD-ROM