Printed with least
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON Corporation. and ActionScanner of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. California, USA Copyright Notice
Introduction The EPSON Scanning the following with EPSON or black-and-white, and the to as Convert the to them with software to and from within Automatically and and the Choose or and that the and text features built EPSON Scan and and (with that of the with that (ADF). Introduction
The Scanning include integrated EPSON Scan! II32 and EPSON TWAIN32 with Microsoft or NT EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN scanning with This to the as EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN to reduce EPSON Scan! II with and to whose match the It and then and them of EPSON TWAIN the interface of software and The interface easy and advanced. To of features, from within software that the TWAIN or from EPSON Scan! II. The top of the whether EPSON Scan! II or EPSON TWAIN. Introduction
the EPSON Scanning to properly, least the following One of the following EPSON ES-600C ES-800C ES-1000C ES-1200C ActionScanner II features or restricted 486-based (or higher) IBM or IBM PS/2 DOS or higher Microsoft Workgroups or NT or higher To features, or NT. bidirectional interface the bidirectional interface or PS/2 or SCSI EPSON SCSI Introduction
If or NT and SCSI to the EZ-SCSI software, as Graphics (VGA) or higher The of or tone the of including the and software. At least 50MB of free and At least 8MB of RAM to This This information to and the EPSON Scanning with EPSON Chapter EPSON Scanning software. to this first. Chapter to Chapter information to from within Chapter using the of software. to EPSON Scan! II to with Chapter troubleshooting and the softwares information the the This includes that each and that terms. The information quickly. Introduction
Tips, and Notes This displays information as follows: should to operates correctly. helpful ideas these Notes information about these Where to EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services: Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information installation, and of EPSON products Customer relations. to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound Introduction
You purchase or from EPSON (U.S. only). please If using software with EPSON the that technical information. Services You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours and of the services below. World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service BBS software to parity. to Introduction
EPSON Service You technical information or and selecting the option. You to EPSON CompuServe of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory and user ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and Introduction
Introduction
Software The EPSON Scanning with software that them easy to with or Ready to Software the EPSON Scanning and connected to as the that with If SCSI interface, the interface such as the SCSI IDs and terminatorsare properly, and that the SCSI software necessary. You the EPSON Scanning as the section It to the EPSON Scanning software. that the 3.5-inch that with the and the EPSON Scanning (EPSON Scan! II, EPSON TWAIN, the and other related It to of the with the and the (To or operating the EPSON Scanning as Then software following the instructions the Software
the Scanning Follow the below to the EPSON Scanning NT, or Workgroups The operating and or as necessary. NT 4.X, follow the instructions. NT 3.5X and Workgroups, follow the instructions. or SCSI users: to the below when or or when New the Software
Choose and OK You to EZ-SCSI, SCSI the already instructions to this If bidirectional to the software the EPSON Scan! II From and then From the the and A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP the B) and OK the Click OK to displays the which the software the EPSON Scan! II The C:\EPSCAN32 or C:\EPSCAN2 Click OK to the pathname, or and OK The displays the which the software the EPSON TWAIN The C:\WINDOWS. Click OK to the pathname, or and OK The software the Scanning to and when necessary. Software
the EPSON From the Interface pull-down choose SCSI connected to SCSI interface or to bidirectional interface. If necessary, the ID of the interface from the ID Normally, to the ID If the connected to SCSI interface, the ID selected automatically. If the connected to interface, the ID of the interface: built-in and the bidirectional If selected SCSI from the Interface and SCSI ID appears, other SCSI the ID as the Turn the and the cover. the Then the cover. Software
Click the If the interface, and EPSON Scanning correctly, the the the the EPSON as shown below. Click OK to the EPSON the EPSON Scan! II from the If using and then The EPSON or from within the first to EPSON as TWAIN instructions. Software
Software
the of match the and the This of the and to The and the both of red, and and process). the other hand, combining (C), (M), (Y), and (K) (CMYK) to the This process. the through both the and to colorthe first when scanned, and the when the match the the allows to and to that to those the the this chapter to: to to the when to To first using EPSON Scan! II, and then TWAIN.
Performing Follow these to From the to to EPSON and then EPSON From the the EPSON the EPSON group. You this the from and the the the intensity. If the the the increase the of displays or or information.
Click OK as If or Once to Follow these EPSON Scan! II, necessary. From the choose You the TWAIN If the and Advanced the easy Click Advanced to switch to the If the and the advanced Click to the the Screen selected. If to Click OK the EPSON TWAIN TWAIN as this
to If choose or each that closely match the of the If of these EPSON EPSON Scan! II to them: EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II COLOR EPSON COLOR COLOR EPSON EPSON XL these the Scanning If that EPSON the instructions this section. It to as below. Performing the Follow these From the to to EPSON and then EPSON From the the EPSON the EPSON group.
You the Chart Select the to from the You each of the coated and its the To the the the chart. Click the to the chart. (If the chart with the the To than chart each If to the service them the chart their the charts to which them, write the chart the back of the If to that four-color to service or to chart. You then that to
You Click OK when the chart printed. the chart as shown the the the the of the chart with the Then the cover. the chart the of the the the chart. If to the and the and If creating than instance, than assign to each distinguish them.
Click the Scan The the chart and the the to EPSON TWAIN. finished, the completed appears the Click OK to the The with the and the to the EPSON Destination Scanning If using of the such as of the EPSON or created that to and Follow these to when Select choose from the within and choose Select TWAIN_32 Source or Select TWAIN Source Then EPSON or EPSON You usually to this once, when the with software the first Next EPSON TWAIN. choose from the within then choose TWAIN_32 or TWAIN You the easy or the advanced If the easy Advanced
Click Destination to the Destination the Destination field, the of If of the EPSON the from the Destination The assigned automatically. to If created type the the Destination field. to From the the assigned when created the Click Click OK You the EPSON TWAIN advanced You or the If the closely match the and and
Chapter From Within Applications from within EPSON TWAIN, follow these Turn Access TWAIN from Choose the easy or advanced TWAIN Select the type and the and the (advanced only). Scan the TWAIN and the This chapter each of these If to the and to the type, and the easy To the or the or or or the (To the the From Within Applications
If TWAIN, EPSON Scan! II to and software Chapter information. Accessing EPSON TWAIN Follow these to EPSON TWAIN from within Turn and the If the software turning the software to the Select choose from the within and choose Select TWAIN_32 Source or Select TWAIN Source Then EPSON or EPSON You usually to this only once, when the with software the first Next EPSON TWAIN. choose from the within then choose TWAIN_32 or TWAIN TWAIN the easy or the advanced which From Within Applications
The easy allows to the type, and of with this and scanned. The advanced the basic as the easy to, or these The advanced the or and the of to Chapter effects from the advanced screen as From Within Applications
To active TWAIN the button. the Screen The following the TWAIN easy type Destination. You the option each of these as this section to Then Scanning the to From Within Applications
Selecting the Source If the optional (ADF) or the option to from the Source pull-down the Source to The following the Source options Source option Function Scans the from the Scans as they through the ADF scanning) TPU Scans from the TPU Scans from the These options only when the option the the the easy and advanced checkboxes selecting or Selecting the To with satisfactory the type option from the pull-down The following options Colors Black White Black White OCR Copy/Fax From Within Applications
If of the these the type the A. To option or existing the Advanced To OCR Character from the pull-down the the OCR option their A. Selecting the Destination You the or to where to or the You of the following options from the Destination pull-down COLOR XL Thermal COLOR II COLOR COLOR COLOR OCR Profile If of the these the the A. To Destination option or existing the Advanced To OCR Character from the Destination pull-down the Destination the OCR option their A. From Within Applications
the Advanced Screen The TWAIN allows to the basic as the easy and to options and existing ones. the text or features, and information about using the basic the To the advanced the Advanced the easy necessary. Then the sections below to with or options the and selected of the of or choice of other To the the From Within Applications
You the the the types, A. From Within Applications
Not options the with types, or information when the The below the advanced options. advanced options Option Function Black White of to and white tones based of to of of to of of to of to Colors of to Converts tone to and Converts containing of tones C the as the commonly newspaper photographs Dither halftone dither Dither halftone Dither C halftone dither Dither halftone dither From Within Applications
advanced options Option Function Dropout Includes Quality Scanning Scans the with B/W Text software ActionScanner II, ES-1000C, ES-1200C, and The Text and options these features. The ActionScanner II, ES-1000C, ES-1200C, and Text The From Within Applications white white white the and, (interference) from Scans the with three the background and the OCR Character scanning. information. text from graphics that and text Selects and white options
The following the options with each Since both the and Quality options with the the include these options. The include the Text and these only when to Black White option selection Scanning Dropout Black White (Soft C Dither Dither Dither C Dither (Soft C Dither Dither Dither C Dither Colors choose the or TWAIN; Chapter information. From Within Applications
and type To existing type, from the and the necessary Click and then OK. To type, existing type that the to Then the existing from the field and type the displayed as necessary. Click and then OK. If OK the type To existing type, from the and then OK. the Destination The Destination allows to each You to or From Within Applications
To the Destination the Destination You the Destination The Destination the of the and the the A. Selecting the to that the type and output the Destination and halftones and photographs. You from the pull-down the advanced From Within Applications
The the type of and as as the of The following shows the art or office or The the the to or Black White the other the The closely related to the and this chapter). If them arbitrarily, the what expected. The higher the select, the the photograph 24MB The photograph 1.36MB to and the of and when To the lowest that From Within Applications
of art, that third of of to with and to with the EPSON choose from to and from to the inch the to scanning (If the too the to the If to when higher than normally would. Selecting the pull-down to or that matches TWAIN then the as to the EPSON TWAIN the following XL Thermal COLOR COLOR II COLOR COLOR COLOR From Within Applications
to the with the Scanning information, Chapter The the when the to or Colors and the Scanning to information the and Scanning and To existing from the Destination and the Click and then OK. To Destination, existing with to the to Then the existing from the Destination field and type the displayed Destination and then OK. If OK the Destination To existing it from the Destination and then OK. and the Once selected the and Destination and (To the the advanced Chapter From Within Applications
The TWAIN that allow to the and the Click the to the the Click the to selected with the the section instructions selecting the If the the includes the You that memory or If the clearly or to with Then the Once of the the the to or the From Within Applications
To the of the the to the as the the release the the the To the of selected the to the of the selection the to arrow. the and the of the to the location. You the of the selected the the selection the to hand. the to the selection to the location. Click the to the selection. Double-click the to the If than the the to the and everything the the Features Chapter information about the the and The and of the the the You the of these selecting inches, or from the Units pull-down The of the or the selected appears the and the Source You type these to selection of From Within Applications
selection or other the of the the field. The and as You type the and to the of the To the and the Click the once to the the shows closed Click it to the the to the of the than the displayed the field. The closely related to the and If them arbitrarily, the what expected. the The the displays the amount which or reduced To this the the or right arrow to the or type the the field. If increase the the increases to You the to the Click the once to the the shows closed Click it to the From Within Applications
The of the ES 600C, ES 800C, and ES 1200C the to this the to the The the The related to the and If them arbitrarily, the what expected. Scanning the finished selecting the easy or advanced the choosing the Scan If Scan from the easy TWAIN selects the the and If the advanced that the right the the Scan If from the advanced and the or selected to the choosing Scan. the scanned. the TWAIN further the of editing software. From Within Applications
You that memory or scanning, should and as Chapter to information and exporting Chapter Scanning Text when Text This background text such as background and increases the threshold that OCR character software text easily. If Text OCR from the This activates the Text Then OCR from the Destination If Text this option From Within Applications
From Within Applications
Chapter Effects The EPSON TWAIN advanced options editing them. If editing software, of the this chapterand moreusing that software. editing software, EPSON TWAIN allows to broad of these TWAIN correction features. Effects
the TWAIN the the TWAIN advanced the following If (as Chapter selecting the Screen option. To the reappears the when the advanced the and option. the of pull-down to the of or to the when the of the this chapter. the from of that You the amount of the the selecting or from the Effects
the The when the the following the of light the highlights and Highlight the lightest the Sharpness the Threshold the which the to or white. This option when the Black White and the the Threshold the other Follow these to the From the the to the To of the displayed the the to and the to that This and to Effects
Click the You the following buttons Effects
the with the appearance of the the the following these the the option. the the correct. Click the to the to or the the that closely reflects the That selected and the and of based the selected. this the the then it and reappears Highlight and buttons* You choose the Highlight and buttons when the the the the the the OK. You the You choosing the below the the advanced Click the below the Highlight or the to Select the to the highlights or from the the the the that Effects
the Correction the tone the the highlights, and of without dramatically This the tones they with To the tone correction, the Correction from the advanced when the displays You the following You the tone the tone You the of the the buttons, the color(s) to the tone correction You (RGB) or red, or Effects
Each to the to the tone the that affected the of other If the checked, the the of the other If the tone correction choosing the You the following To tone correction type the to assign to the the Tone Correction field and Then OK The the pull-down You existing selecting from the Tone Correction field and clicking Then OK to to the Correction You choosing the below the Tone Correction the advanced Effects
Colors the the You the following If the or black-and-white the and selected. The the following You choosing the below the the advanced Effects
the of the three the however, the To the Click the below the the to Select the the to Then the to the or the to the to choose the from the The to the right of the shows the of the of increases or the amount of while You the the the You the to the to choose the from the To completely from the the to the The selected as the Scanning the Effects
(or that the You to Click the wheel to increase that the the amount of red, and shown to the right of the You the (red, or to the of that to Then type the the other Click the to the from the The selected as the Scanning the Inverting The of You this to or to from To and invert and Transparency Unit as Source option. To the and the You the inverted the Effects
The TWAIN advanced offers features: which the of and the Highlight and which and selects the the the easy these the to the of the and the Highlight and the the to everything the the If than the to roughly the then the the to include only the or of the selected. Effects
Effects
Chapter EPSON Scan! II You using EPSON Scan! II to the and You or of to the and the displayed Scanned to its EPSON Scan! II to EPSON Scan! II. Follow these Turn and the If the software turning the software to the EPSON Scan! II. Select from the Click Scan to EPSON Scan! II
Choose from the You the following Choose the and directory where to the the field. to the Click OK The the EPSON Scan! II You this EPSON Scan! II and as below. Exporting EPSON Scan! II allows to software information software software software the EPSON Scan! II and EPSON Scan! II EPSON Scan! II exporting EPSON Scan! II
Follow these to from EPSON Scan! II: Choose from the You the following Choose the and directory where to the the field. You choose of these from the Format DIB EPSF TIFF5.0 TIFF6.0 JPEG and PCX of these the You the TIFF6.0 or JPEG only selected Colors or the the when the You the PCX selected Colors EPSON Scan! II
If selected the TIFF6.0 or JPEG EPSON Scan! II allows to choose the Since JPEG selecting higher To choose the quality, the Quality to the Click OK The the selected You this software; software instructions. and Exporting EPSON Scan! II allows to and directly selected without the Since the displayed, operations quickly. EPSON Scan! II it exported. Follow these EPSON Scan! II, necessary. Choose from the You the TWAIN (If the easy Advanced EPSON Scan! II
Click Scan You the following Choose the directory and where to the the field. You choose of these from the Format pull-down DIB EPSF TIFF5.0 TIFF6.0 JPEG and PCX of these the You the TIFF6.0 or JPEG only selected Colors or the the when the You the PCX selected Colors If selected the TIFF6.0 or JPEG EPSON Scan! II allows to choose the Since JPEG selecting higher To choose the the Quality to the EPSON Scan! II
Click OK The and the selected You this software; software instructions. Copying You or of to the Follow these Select the of the to with the or choosing from the Choose Copy from the You the other software. The DIB Choose from the to that each to the The higher the the the displayed Choose from the to the of the to match the of the active EPSON Scan! II
Exiting EPSON Scan! II To EPSON Scan! II, or Then choose from the EPSON Scan! II
EPSON Scan! II
Chapter Troubleshooting If using the EPSON Scanning or with the of or the sections this chapter the EPSON Scanning You EPSON TWAIN; these of or choice of other TWAIN EPSON listed. Either the EPSON Scanning or they correctly. the EPSON Scanning Chapter instructions. Nothing when turned and the connected properly. EPSON selected as the TWAIN the TWAIN Source option the If restarted the EPSON Scanning and try Troubleshooting
The EPSON TWAIN or the SCSI software correctly. the EPSON Scanning from Chapter instructions. You selected the or SCSI ID the and other SCSI Then the EPSON Scanning You the interface from to SCSI or from SCSI to without the EPSON Scanning the the interface. You to the EPSON Scanning the EZ-SCSI software when using interface that EZ-SCSI. The EPSON Scanning SCSI interface that EZ-SCSI, or caused or the TWAIN the EPSON Scanning to correctly. process, and to the TWAIN then and try the to that If this turning off and or the Then and try If using its correctly the SCSI and the instructions detecting Troubleshooting
The or appears when choose from software. You than TWAIN once. and active TWAIN too and reduce the of the or memory. The EPSON Scanning with the the EPSON Scanning the Introduction this that the software and that software that correctly and software. enough memory to software. If other software the using RAM or the enough memory to the software. the section memory Troubleshooting
The scanning. that the READY light the EPSON Scanning and to the interface and instructions. the interface properly If connected the with the SCSI interface, that the termination switch and SCSI ID correctly If other that they the or I/O as the interface and interface choosing the the appear the Press or the TWAIN The the selected the scanners--for the EPSON the to high Choose and software and and the Troubleshooting
The of increases software the to which software information. the or the the or the to clear the then The Sharpness the the Sharpness The Source the EPSON TWAIN This You first optional or to the Source option other than The when the selected Source. The when selected the to through the the and then the the If necessary, the Troubleshooting
when or of the touching another the If selects the whole the If function, to the or the Invert the TWAIN advanced the with The and Destination You Chapter of this The the EPSON when the to Black White or Colors or with the following Black White and Copy Troubleshooting
The software displays or scanning. the TWAIN switching to software. the The oversized. reducing its its or then If selected as the to and If high (such as and the allowable and using the and reduce the and the of the Then If closed closing the EPSON TWAIN Scan the TWAIN closing If selected three-pass the TWAIN to free to with the the TWAIN switching to software. the Troubleshooting
The the to match closely enough. brightness and The TWAIN its Increase the of or the displays or The the the of Increase the of or the displays using or You outdated with updated the or You to the that with using the the editing displays or the and reduce the of with the Troubleshooting
closing the EPSON TWAIN of appears the the or arrow or the to the and clear the the software to or options. of to the the correctly. Scan the whole instead of of the to boxes, or the TWAIN of to With Quality The or that the the You the scanning. the of the that the or Troubleshooting
of the or of the warped, or with the the heavy the The of the scanned. The around the that the fits the or the of the If the thick or the the of the the of the with to interference from light. If of the the the with the and the of the The or of the the Tone Correction the and to and that the Chapter information. Troubleshooting
brightness and The too and without the Black White or Color, that the halftone selected the the Correction, and to and the Also and that the Destination correctly. If to the too Straight the The the that the and with the the The the as the the and selected the Chapter information. of that software correctly If software, the software. that software Troubleshooting
of the If this or its head or cleaning; If this both and the malfunctioning. textured appear the This this or another EPSON of The the from those of the its and EPSON TWAIN the from the This the the match the correctly the EPSON Scan! II. and then try Chapter instructions. settingssuch as Depth, Correction, and of these Troubleshooting
The from those of the that correctly the EPSON Scan! II the and then instructions.) The the match the of the exactly the and technologies. The or than the of the the and TWAIN. You the the of the to the The the the or the that the properly connected to the and correctly that software properly and software Troubleshooting
or appear the EPSON TWAIN that others. Also, the Highlight, or Correction to and the If selected as the and other than as Destination try increasing the Threshold to higher (interference) appear the commonly when that include halftone To this of the following or the slightly the Sharpness to slightly the the and the the slightly Scan three-pass the the appears software. Choose the and try Troubleshooting
The appears and software scanning. the reduce its to than 1MB art) or than 5MB the the TWAIN advanced the the match the Select as the and Select Colors and try The corrupted. If the than or A4, or the information. You to choose the or or information. If the to another instructions.) Troubleshooting
You or the and the If the reflective the and the and of the the The reflective and the of the The reflective the and the reflective instructions.) Troubleshooting
This the the and Destination options EPSON TWAIN. It the of the TWAIN type quality, and scanning Colors and Black White quality, and halftone, and and Black White Black-and-white, halftone, and Black-and-white, and OCR Black-and-white, quality, scanning, and Text Copy/Fax Black-and-white, halftone, scanning, and Destination Destination and halftone and and halftone and and halftone and A-1
Destination Destination Thermal and halftone and thermal and halftone and and halftone and and halftone and and halftone and OCR halftone and with COLOR and halftone and EPSON COLOR XL and halftone and EPSON XL and halftone and EPSON COLOR II and halftone and EPSON COLOR II COLOR and halftone and EPSON COLOR and halftone and EPSON A-2
Destination Destination COLOR and halftone and EPSON COLOR COLOR and halftone and COLOR halftone and Profile with of to (brightest) (lowest) to (highest) Highlight to (lightest) (lightest) to Sharpness (least focused) to Threshold to A-3
A-4
This technical information about the built the from the software, and functions combined with others to of effects. The below the and the Each of them the following of these from software. and Function from to only) Software to to to to the information to and Brightness and dither dither correction output correction B-1
You to to the and the greatly. The and measured of inch), inch), or inch). of the increases, the and At of inch The allow to choose the of The and To matching follow the B-13. or The or function allows to reduce or the of the The the of to of the to the the the The the and of the the to the four the the to the reduced to fourth of the B-2
The affects the of scanned. and the of as and To or reduce the the function through software the of scanning. increasing the the The Format The the of to the tone of The the of to the increases, tones and the of tones, or white With four of tones the of and to of near photographic the tones each of the three of red, and One and Eight B-3
The to the the to and to the This higher To of than the should of the tones. displays and this and to without or to or or The chosen affects the amount of and The the chosen, the the amount of becomes. B-4
Brightness You choose of scanning. the It to art or and to The brightness combined with other function. The below shows the the when the correction the CRT The reading or reading. reading, choose reading or reading. reading, specify red, or Lightest Lighter input B-5 Normal
reading The the three each red, and and three of that to the three with memory or easily. reading The the with of the reading red, and This the each as as read, the correction function used. reading The the as the reading information memory. Then the the from three the reading only) The the the to read. You choose or the when to of these colorsfor when background. of to of This than photography B-6
Photographs of tones, with of photographs, Black and white and four of and The and of these to photographic tones. the noticeable. If the enough, however, the appears to tones. You choose of the nearly to choose the halftoning off or and the halftoning the software or the (such as You from photograph than from such as newspaper or already halftoned and the halftone You from three of as as or the halftoning halftoning the tones that the the when or selected as the halftoning necessary such and C with reading. four typical dither or With software, dither Usually software or the Therefore, should usually or dither when B-7
This the The tone to and and With this the This which of tones. C With this the to the commonly newspaper photographs. The of the tones of of C B-8
Dither dither Dither Dither C dither Dither dither Dither Dither Dither C Dither the of halftone-processed with software the Instead the function the of to B-9
Correction or correction, the light ratio the and the It of both highlight and the of the tones of the to those of the The the and of the the that shows the as shown below. Lighter Lighter correction and with other Choose from the below. CRT The to the as shown the This of displays which This without tones, such as art B-10 input CRT CRT C
CRT This CRT which with of tones of than This the This high-density such as and The to the higher of such The when CRT This low-density such as and The slightly to the of such The when CRT C This high of which both and This higher and than or B. The and light of this Correction correction functional with the of immediately when the scanned. correction four To this function, choose reading or reading. B-11
This function the that the the characteristics of the used. CRT displays This the characteristics of CRT displays. This the characteristics of Thermal This the characteristics of thermal This the characteristics of This of background software. The the and software should to scanning, this section of softwares on-screen that or The first the software somewhat or slightly B-12
or the and to which type of scanning: and white photographs, or photographs. The software art, and art This the including or of and white only, with tones. or tone) This the and white photographs and with of to and white. You this photographs that and white. This the photographs or other originals Scans from photographs than from published such as newspaper or of conflicts. photographs instead of published with The the type or or and the or and below; then the B-16 to the should B-13
or The to what type of or The the following Black and white or to text and art as These photographs that the highest quality. or other to or that from coarsely to nearly photographic (often It to from to These of or of that high and high You and and then the to service or which high high text and and then editing software to the and If to this, the below and then follow the instructions software service or should helpful information. B-14
than If or and printed, that the and to If or to of the of the and the lowest that or high A4 or as as (MB) of and memory; they to to or to and they to to to service or of the information high-resolution these of the information wasted. The below shows the recommended inch or inch the and or Also, to with possibly of to the B-15
The that to (input to match the inch of and follow the below. art Grayscale or office or to precisely the or or the inch of the This the of high with inch, which the inch to the inch and about the inch. This or of B-16
or the inch) of though service with of to the highest or the though of to the or This usually as If to than the increase its with this If the choose the might You reduce the with software. (You increase the with software, quality.) The of the from the of the when and Dropout nearly the these. If that the of scanning, the technical information dithering, and this Brightness The the the the To to or to light to Usually should this B-17
Correction the or CRT Correction the or CRT B. software Brightness, correction, and correction. If know to of softwares to the of the that This Quality to that the when printed. that as when and the as choose and the each from the B-18
with the of the or with the of processing, this section. While further information, or RAM and Scanned memory than text Access Memory (RAM) and than previously. boards and CPU to memory, to than ones. Therefore, to board to or CPU. that text enough graphic If to You or of the of The of of affects the of the high first the right B-19
software to or they to 3MB software and them with of or others the exactly the as the The the and however, noticeable. B-20
This the TWAIN icons. If to know what the this then its boxes which icons. Clicking three or with the To choose the that closely reflects the That selected and the and of displayed based the selected. You selecting the with the the Then and reappears the TWAIN Chapter information about TWAIN Advanced Preview. Once the its and the allows to the of to of the the to the of the to preview.
and Unlock. or the height, or The the which the options of this Correction. the Correction which options tone when to the highlights, and This to the tones the and the areas. the which the options of this Invert or Automatically the Highlight and the Automatically and selects the the If than and roughly the the and clicking the
Allows to three or with highlights and The reflects the Highlight Allows to three or of highlight or The reflects the highlight Allows to three or of or The reflects the Sharpness Allows to three or of sharpness. The reflects the sharpness Threshold Allows to three or with which the to or white. The reflects the threshold This option when the Black White and the the the threshold option the other options Allows to three or of brightness. The reflects the
to three or casts of the Allows to three or of the or of Three-pass Allows to three or of the Three-pass
Application software to such as processing, editing, or spreadsheet Additive Colors that white when These red, and AAS that text from graphics that and text accessory that of the EPSON TWAIN that the and, from that of of that (light) or Bidirectional Interface interface the and the The to the of allocated The the the of represented.
Brightness The amount of or white with of information consisting of or character. that the or and white the to the that software and the that closely reflects the of the that the and light scanning. Correction of the type of that the to the EPSON TWAIN option that the of Separation to of The (red, and the and the and yellow) The the and lightest
Destination of and that match the characteristics of the to the EPSON TWAIN Destination that allow to to the output to You own Destination of that such as or peripheral. containing instructions that allow to and (such as or DIB graphics or with RLE4 and with RLE8 Dithering which software or tones with repeating of DPI inch. of The higher the the higher the EPSON TWAIN that Dropout EPSON TWAIN option that to
EPSF Encapsulated industry-standard ESC/I EPSON of commands to with software. ESC/P EPSON of commands to with software. EPSON TWAIN option that the intensity of light Format The which graphic the EPSON TWAIN option that the highlights and EPSON TWAIN option that the of of You casts and to the The of of of scanned, the of each type which the of the printed. of tones that the the tones.
Highlight EPSON TWAIN option that the lightest of The highlight and the and the of the The the back of the where its operation. The or reproduced. EPSON TWAIN Depth, Quality, Scanning and Black and White options to the creating. You type that to high-resolution and graphics or These found service and that the the with of that the through of Interface The or JPEG Photographic Group. JPEG the and black-and-white of and with
type of that The that intentionally (or from the The tonal of located approximately the highlight and the interference that when halftone or when scanned. Black and white or the intensity of type of which the once each The three Path The directory and specify to the the TWAIN directory C:\WINDOWS\TWAIN. PCX PC Paintbrush Each of of EPSON TWAIN that the amount of information
without the halftoning process. interface through which Indication of finely Measured inch inch or inch RLE type of The amount of to Saturated to and Scaling Reducing or increasing the of Scan operation the and the of Scanning the Scanning The physical of the that the SCSI Interface. EPSON the AHA-1510 SCSI or other ASPI- to the and the EPSON TWAIN option that the of The highlight and the and the of the
Sharpness EPSON TWAIN option that the of Subtractive Colors that when These and often to of TET Text that the background and the OCR Character scanning. Threshold EPSON TWAIN option that the which to or white. TIFF5.0 Format, TIFF industry- applications. Black-and- white with G3 TIFF6.0(JPEG) Format, with JPEG TIFF and JPEG industry-standard Correction of the that the of tonal to the Curve tone correction that shows the ratio the input and processing.
Transparency Unit accessory which allows the to such as and TWAIN industry interface allowing to directly from without leaving The to of