Perfection ID: PUB-119 Revision
Perfection Copyright Native Health (ANTHC). rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or including photocopying, mechanical, recording or otherwise, without the written of Native Health PUB-119 The of and or this fictitious. Every to this and Please know of the following of AFHCAN Training Anchorage, AK
Perfection Section About this Related Information Section Introduction Introduction to the Functional of the AFHCAN Software Recovering from Scan of the AFHCAN and Section Scanning Restoring Section Routine of the and cover Rear of of the of the Rear of and of of the PUB-119 of Table of
Perfection Rear of and of Initial appearance of the TWAIN TWAIN Completed TWAIN leading to TWAIN Scan as mounted V1 and V3 types, characteristics, and and their TWAIN light light light lights Functions of buttons PUB-119 of
Perfection About this This of the of user with the AFHCAN These covering topics, normally assembled with each This the following the of with includes the peripheral each stand-alone publication; as or to the to the existing information that to items of to repeated each covered and referenced as Related This the introductory and software included this The with the included of with the AFHCAN Those to the information this however, that items AFHCAN slightly, the features as the apply. More Information This the to of that the of of the AFHCAN information, AFHCAN Customer Support: AFHCAN Customer Additional information about the found the www.epson.com PUB-119
Perfection PUB-119
Introduction to the This the and operation of the as AFHCAN covered Perfection Perfection Perfection Perfection and of the of AFHCAN These the AFHCAN installation, manufactured. installations, or selected as the previous option that of the and allows 8-inch 10-inch such as to scanned. the AFHCAN software the the that with the AFHCAN There the operating However, with the the appearance of slightly from the shown this Scanning of the of which advanced scanning Information the PUB-119 Section Introduction
Perfection The of their front of these buttons interact with the AFHCAN software, they switch, the other three the AFHCAN the switch readily It the the AFHCAN to the and to to the the switch. This to other the to this Functional The to photographs, or other items The AFHCAN software activates TWAIN which software that with the The TWAIN the of the The AFHCAN software and the TWAIN interact which selected. The AFHCAN software offers and white Scan Scan and white Scan the AFHCAN software the TWAIN to and white. Each forced to white or other of This when and white or other where high The that there items which lightly those items and the appear to Scan appears indicating that Scan PNG the Scan the TWAIN software the following the to the type of and characteristics the and other the and JPG the to the AFHCAN software inclusion the software the TWAIN to factory each the AFHCAN software started. This the TWAIN the analyzed to the type of the and The TWAIN software distinguishes the of Table The TWAIN to software that fits the and TWAIN to the and of information TWAIN, to PUB-119 the software PC workstation, the which the TWAIN the and with the that when the software used.
Perfection Table types, characteristics, and high white high and white art text with art and (printed, white white and (printed, photo) The which items to The shown based with the the assigned type other than what expected. found that reasonably the to the and the TWAIN allows the to manually of such as and The of recommended AFHCAN installations. On of the the TWAIN the and the AFHCAN software that If reason the TWAIN the the AFHCAN software Scan There that Scan to appear the AFHCAN software. of the the following: the the TWAIN switch turned off or the PUB-119 with halftone The and the of this to the those with advanced features, of and to technical or Furthermore, combinations of and to Please that the becomes the the If and back to the to the the Software AFHCAN the TWAIN to each the software restarted.
Perfection the incorrect TWAIN selected TWAIN If the TWAIN match the the AFHCAN software the Scan when to The TWAIN normally and tested when the installed. Normally should to the Scan appears, invited to allowing to TWAIN Table the and associated TWAIN (Other TWAIN options appear the that apply to Table and their TWAIN TWAIN Text 5.71A F) EPSON TWAIN 5.71A F) EPSON TWAIN 2.76A EPSON Perfection 2.68A EPSON Perfection These the EPSON and the when this Other included with software. of through the features of the PUB-119 Selecting TWAIN typically apply only when
Perfection of the The light the active the AFHCAN installation. Table the of the light. Table light Condition flashing or scanning. steady and ready to flashing Indicates or malfunction. to the section troubleshooting. off The turned off or the PUB-119
Perfection and cover Rear of shows the of the The light the active the AFHCAN Table the of the light. PUB-119
Perfection of the Table light Condition flashing or scanning. steady and ready to flashing Indicates or malfunction. to the section troubleshooting. off The turned off or the PUB-119
Perfection through the of the of the The light active the AFHCAN installation. the of the light. Table light Condition flashing or scanning. steady and ready to flashing Indicates or malfunction. to the section troubleshooting. off The turned off or the PUB-119
Perfection Rear of Cover and of PUB-119
Perfection through the features of the of the The light active the AFHCAN installation. Table the of the light. Table lights Condition flashing or scanning. steady and ready to flashing Indicates or malfunction. to the section troubleshooting. off The turned off or the steady Scanning originals such as only). off Scanning reflective originals such as photographs or PUB-119 cover light
Perfection Rear of and of PUB-119
Perfection the AFHCAN Software The AFHCAN software activating the TWAIN and the that the TWAIN To the the To shows the the buttons the and their Initial of the Table Functions of Function PUB-119 Pressing the Scan activates the TWAIN and initiates The Scan where high-contrast, black-and-white the Scan to initiate the software forces each the to or white. This the information photographic The somewhat memory and to and The Scan repeatedly to items. Each as thumbnail the
Perfection Function Once initiated, the TWAIN displays the as shown and appearance, offer the functionality. TWAIN PUB-119 The Scan to the Scan that activates the TWAIN and initiates Scan the AFHCAN software to and the exactly as the the the type of and the and information retained Scan photographs. Scan higher of The Scan repeatedly to Each as the The rotates the of to the the This text right-side-up when originals the to the The or (thumbnails) the and to the It to to the To and the The from the and to the To If obtained, warning appear. If the action confirmed, the
Perfection The function of the to its type and Table the TWAIN the appearance shown shows the obtained. TWAIN Completed PUB-119
Perfection the completed, of the the and the the of the The AFHCAN software the SCAN with You type manually. At this the selected to the the To the currently displayed Recovering from mentioned previously, and recommended scanning. the of this another user with the TWAIN when This the software what and the the Clicking the Clicking the TWAIN leading to PUB-119
Perfection TWAIN Pressing the to the Pressing Scan to the Scan If reason the TWAIN the the AFHCAN software. The AFHCAN software the shown Scan PUB-119
Perfection The TWAIN Table of Scan include to the following: the manually (while the to the preview: the shown then the shown turned off to the V3 disconnected protected the V3 malfunction of the (the light red) the TWAIN match the (the TWAIN selected and tested when the to clear this as follows: the to the of OK to the highlighted (the should established when the and should to the Scan or Scan If the AFHCAN Customer of the AFHCAN On the V3 the the This to the switch, the and the locks. The switch normally with to the the switch. The of options such as or the AFHCAN installation. The front buttons the interact with the AFHCAN software. The of the the the cover to to the the the V3 the cover to the first (about covers should PUB-119
Perfection as mounted V1 and V3 and Please the following Follow and the with the as heavy the the to as Section scratching and cleansers or to the cover the V3 the closed the the cover to the PUB-119
Scanning From the To the On the V3 the closed and the the cover and the the the top of the should the back of the (or the rotated the should the right rear of the On the the type of high-contrast, and white Scan to and Scan the TWAIN as through the following the the appear the If the to the Scan Click the to each thumbnail to or and to the selected the Restoring The following specifically to the TWAIN with the and the that the to as follows: Press the button. This to the On the shown that the deactivated as follows: Press the right arrow If the Specify checked, to the PUB-119 Section to the of the necessary.
Perfection Press the arrow On the Scan to initiate and as the the PUB-119 to the
to light cleaning. Clean the of the using cloth with Clean or off the with cloth. Clean from the with cloth lightly with cleaner. PUB-119 Section Routine
Perfection PUB-119
AFHCAN AFHCAN Software activating TWAIN To Scan Scan reference, types, recovering from type function, cleaning, rotation. rotating the transformation, types, light becomes of, function, reference, restoring front light light switch PUB-119 TWAIN front front buttons light front front light switch cover front light switch rear cover switch restoring function, rotating the function, Scan function, reference,
Perfection Scan function, reference, screen Scan of, reference, history, function, functional appearance with scanning and white, TWAIN activation, type of, reference, installation, leaving retained, Scan of PUB-119