DS-510
Locations these sections to learn about the features of Locations the and these sections to the and Lights Separation topic:
cover Edge security USB
and Lights AC USB topic: Locations The The The
Separation Lights The light The Ready light topic: Locations You cards, or that optional the of the
the to this only when cards, or that optional the this when scanning or to topic: Locations Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading You purchase (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the GO-EPSON Network interface B12B808441 B12B813431
the and assembly B12B813561 topic: You the Scan to the the and off automatically. of the following to the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan (other Click or and or Select then EPSON Scan then EPSON Scan OS X: the Applications then the Software and the EPSON Scan Click the the to as the the the off as the Click OK topic:
the Loading the Follow the instructions to originals the top of or its cover as writing to Loading the Loading Cards the Loading You originals that the the input or or artwork, directly the input This or the these originals optional the input and its the and its
the input the to that the the shown To the this of
If of originals and them to the originals the input as shown they the and top first. If business
Loading Capacity the the of the Loading Capacity topic: the Related Separation Related topics Scanning You that these specifications
type Loading inches to to sheets A4 inches Recycled sheets Loading capacity inches the type. A5 inches A6 inches B5 inches to business You of to this inches or thick or or artwork. the following of originals the or they or the Thermal Coated with such as with Ripped, curled, or originals containing or with other than hole-punched originals that bound with
Loading Cards the originals topic: Loading the You that the the input the input and its the and its
the input the outward. the input as shown, the facedown with the top first. vertically.
the the of the
Card Loading Capacity the to the shown To to the back to its when or Card Loading Capacity topic: the Related Separation Related topics Scanning You that these specifications cards, including (ISO7810 Thickness to inch thick, including Loading
Loading Loading with properly. topic: Loading Cards the You or thick, or the input the the specifications originals the input and its the and its
the input the of the following to or thick or the input as shown. the facedown with the top first.
and the as shown. the with the facing or irregularly-shaped optional to the the following to the the If the than the the of the with the facedown and the top facing the arrow the
If the than the with the to facing the right of the the front of the with the top facing the arrow the the the
the the of the the to the shown To to the back to its when or
or Thick Loading Capacity or Thick Loading Capacity topic: the Related Separation Related topics Scanning You thick, or or that these specifications You thick, or or type or Width: to to to inches to to to or A6 inches to inch thick Irregularly originals to this A4 inches to to only topic: Loading Length: to inches to OS X: to inches to inches
the Network Interface Unit Network Interface Unit these sections to the optional Network Interface Unit to Network Interface Unit Connecting the Network Interface Unit Network Scanning Scanning to Network Computers from the Network Interface Unit Related The the and off) The LCD (displays operations, and The (selects and options) The the LCD to the The Stop scanning) The OK and arrows the arrows to highlight option and the OK to The when topic: the Network Interface Unit
Connecting the Network Interface Unit Network Scanning the that with the optional Network Interface Unit instructions to topic: the Interface Unit You to through the optional Network Interface Unit. First the to and that they properly. Then follow the instructions to the Scan of the IP or of the Network Interface Unit these of the following to Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS the Applications Software and Scan Select from the Select the Network and You this:
of the following: Search the IP of Network Interface Unit, and OK Select the type the IP or of Network Interface Unit, and OK Click the to the You Click OK to and Scan
Scanning to Network Computers from the Network Interface Unit topic: the Network Interface Unit You to directly from the Network Interface Unit only). You first and then the to the Press the OK the Network Interface Unit. On the LCD of the Network Interface Unit, the to the to and the OK If and of the of the or the LCD If the the Select and the OK Press the the and the to the selected. topic: the Network Interface Unit Related Starting Scan from or Scan
Scanning Starting Scan from or Scan You or and them as Scan from Scanning with and Scanning with Scan Scanning You This the assigned to the selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the The and to the specified. If USB, or (OS X) to the when the or Scan topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading You or the when using the You this the or (OS X)
Scanning with and or to the Click the from the the top of the On the or the the then the to or and the as necessary, and OK the information or of the following: On the OS Click the the of the then Select the that to assign to the from the pull-down Click OK topic: Starting Scan from with or (OS X), the the specify. You preview, and the as necessary. of the following to or (OS X): to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and You this:
Click the Scan You this:
If to that created instead, from the the or the and the of these Select displayed to the information or If to of the following: Click Select displayed to and OK OS the Scan the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select to and OK Click Scan
Scanning with Scan You of the or (OS X) the and them as necessary. Click of the Destination to choose where to (If of the below, the arrow to the icons.) the or Apply to the detecting or Click OK or to the topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading Scan the and specify. You preview, and the as necessary. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan You this:
Select options each of the the If necessary, the Scan and the The the the the input Click the and of the to the or the
Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or scanning If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading You these options from the Scan. Not the Select the Option to Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. The the select. This of or Black White.
Scanning Scanning One (Stitching the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the topic: Scanning with Scan software offers options to Scanning One (Stitching Scanning as Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning to SharePoint or Service topic: Scanning You both of or with Scan's Stitch the of the following to or (OS X): to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and You this:
of the following to the Scan Click the Scan then OS the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan You Scan this:
Double-Sided as the Source Select the as the Select of the following as the Stitch the the other. Left&Right the With OK
Scanning as Click Scan The displayed. If the stitched together correctly, the Scan and the Double-Sided Scanning) the topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading You only) to originals as You where the to or the of with or where to of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then You this
Click the Scan Select to the information Click Scan You of the the and Select Apply Separation and Select the to the and OK Select from the and OK originals as specified. topic: Scanning Related Loading the
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR Loading Cards the Loading You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to the of the following to ABBYY to the Apps and ABBYY (other Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this:
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other or the that with the to If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this:
Scanning to SharePoint or Service the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary. You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) You or (OS X) to to SharePoint or service. of the following to or (OS X): to the Apps and
(other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and You this: Click the Scan Select displayed to the information or Click Scan You of the or
Click of the service Destination to choose where to (If of the below, the service software or to the arrow to the Microsoft SharePoint only) You the Click Destination information the to which and OK Select the of the created and OK Select other as necessary, and OK originals and to the indicated topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading
Cleaning and Transporting Cleaning Cleaning these sections to or Cleaning Cleaning Checking the Counter the To its should or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the and the AC connected Clean the with cloth. or cleansers. If the outer cleaning, slightly cloth to the outer Then the with cloth. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Clean to that builds the or or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the and the AC connected
the cover and the cover. cloth to off or the the cover.
off or the the AC and the to the the least seconds, and the to the shown off or the as they Turn off the and the AC
Checking the Counter off or the cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of cloth to off directly the to too force the the cover. the AC and turn the topic: Cleaning and Transporting the counter to when to replaced. the the counter know when to the the turned and connected to of the following to Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS the Applications Software and Scan
the Click You this: You the counter reading the the of Scans field. If the of the of the to the Click OK topic: Cleaning and Transporting the the counter to when to the Turn off the the AC Disconnect connected
the cover and the cover. the the right of the cover and the cover. too force the the cover when the
the to the right and them.
To the the notches the and to the To the the notches the and to the the the the of the the cover. If to the cover, the correctly. the and them, then to the cover
Press the cover the and the cover to to apply too force when the cover. Press the to release then the to the and the release the and from the
the the as shown. that the notches the and properly. that there the and You hear when the locked the notches the and the then the the and You hear when the correctly and
the Counter While applying the the cover. If to the cover, the correctly. the and then to the cover the cover. the AC and the the counter the the Counter topic: Cleaning and Related the the counter when to the the turned and to of the following to Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS the Applications Software and Scan Click You this:
Transporting Click The of to Click OK topic: the If to or as Turn off the and the AC Disconnect connected the input and the the securely closed. the its or with cushioning around the topic: Cleaning and Transporting
Light these sections to using Light Scanning Network Interface Unit Scanned Quality to Uninstall Software Where to You often with its lights. Lights The light The Ready light
Scanning Light The Ready light The turned and ready to The Ready light flashing The or the Ready light to flashing turning off the The light occurred. the following: The light and the The firmware off the or Ready light flashing the lights flashing. The light and the occurred. Turn the off and then back Ready light flashing the If the topic: Check these with Not Turn On or Unexpectedly Not Work as Expected Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan Incorrectly Scanning topic: the to to the cover closed and there If the light off the then If the the malfunctioning.
Not Turn On or Unexpectedly Not Work as Expected Scanning Software Not Correctly If the or off unexpectedly, these the AC securely connected to the and to If the off unexpectedly, to the topic: Scanning Related the and If the the or the action, these or (OS X) correctly. If necessary, and assigned the to the and necessary. If selected Security or of the Application the security topic: Scanning Related or Scan If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, If from other If other them, then this software. topic: Scanning
Scan Incorrectly Related Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Software OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. If the USB connected directly to or through USB the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, try topic: Scanning Related Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Software OS If feeding originals these If feed once, try the following: the the
the the to the sheets, necessary, and them. originals that the Clean the and the assembly necessary. If the Scan or the only), Scan, the and as the Thickness If the the OS X, Scan displays feed OS include this topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading Cleaning If the follow these Turn off originals from the input the cover and the cover.
originals from the Gently originals from the
Scanning the cover. follow instructions when topic: Scanning Related Loading the Loading Cards the Loading If becomes these Scan the operating If high- than the such as USB If necessary, increase memory. If protection or other software, the from or the as only protection or security software instructions The the following locations: XP and
Network Interface Unit Scanned Quality (other C:sers\(user topic: Scanning If the optional Network Interface Unit, these the Network Interface Unit securely connected to the or and the with software correctly and that selected the the that the IP the the Scan If scanning with or (OS X), the following: the the as the Network Interface Unit the or and the Network Interface Unit With the firewall. If the Application the security topic: Related Network Scanning these sections of Appears Scanned Scanned Characters Blurry Characters Conversion to Text (OCR) Appear or Appear Scanned Scanned Edges Cropped topic:
of Appears Scanned Scanned Characters Blurry Characters Conversion to Text (OCR) If from the back of thin appears selected the and the Text Scan. topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Scanning with Scan If characters appear blurry, these Scan and Select the Text the Threshold Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Scanning with Scan If characters OCR only), these straight. these Scan and try Select Text Select the the Threshold the OCR software
Appear or Appear Scanned topic: Scanned Quality Related references Related Scanning with Scan You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Scanning with Scan Cleaning If or appear follow these to the Turn off the the AC Disconnect connected the cover and the cover.
off the using cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of cloth to off directly the to too force the the cover.
Scanned Edges Cropped to Uninstall Software Uninstalling Software the AC topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning If the of cropped, try the following Select as the Scan) or the or the shown the Crop Margins Scan. Select from the Scan Click and the the shown the Crop Margins (OS X) the Scan and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select from the Scan Click and the the shown the Crop Margins topic: Scanned Quality Related Scanning with and Scanning with Scan If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the
Uninstalling Software OS interface the following to each of software then follow on-screen instructions: to the Apps and and Select the software and Uninstall/Change or the utility. and and Uninstall Select the software and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select the software and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the screen to the currently Double-click the the the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions.
Where to topic: to Uninstall Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the Proof of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. other software the that software technical Purchase and You purchase (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications USB Interface Specifications and Specifications these with Microsoft XP Edition, XP Professional Edition, XP Professional Edition Interface USB A) with or higher and Color) topic: Technical Specifications these with OS switching OS supported.)
Specifications Interface USB with or higher and of Scan the UNIX (UFS) OS X. Scan or that UFS. topic: Technical Specifications type feed, Photoelectric CMOS (CIS) Effective inches input Facedown Facedown sheets of Scanning internal Interface One USB Light RGB LED topic: Technical Specifications OS inches inches with to
Specifications Specifications Height inches inches include topic: Technical Specifications the the and the AC information. operating or whether option Rated input DC Rated input Rated input to AC AC A441H Rated input AC to Rated input Rated input to Ready off
Specifications USB Interface Specifications and Specifications Rated DC Rated topic: Specifications to F to C) to RH (non-condensing) to RH Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, light or topic: Technical Specifications Interface type Specification Revision second) and second) of Specification Revision Connector type One topic: Technical Specifications United States EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class to F to C)
AC United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Instructions Restrictions Copying Products Copyright Notice Follow these instructions when and the these instructions, and follow and instructions the the enough to the the interface to reach easily. or the or the AC near or heat or locations to shocks, high or humidity, sunlight, light or or with the and the AC outlet where the easily The AC should to and top of the AC and allow the AC or the to or to the AC straight the and the where the AC the AC that with other fire, shock, or The AC with the with which included. to with other specified.
only the type of indicated the AC and supply directly from outlet with the AC that the this to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the as or that switch and off. If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the or to the AC or option as specifically the as they or of shock If to the the or If there the them with of the and the and the AC and servicing to service the following The AC or the or the AC the or the AC or the the or the AC normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions.) the and the AC cleaning. Clean with cloth only. or cleaners. If to the to the AC from the the that the of the If the the least inches the back of the and the The properly of them correctly following the of authority. them. topic: Notices
Restrictions Copying Products the following to and of Copying of the following items government-issued government and Unused postcards, and other official items Government-issued and issued to when copying the following items: monthly Passports, warrants of food Copying these items Restriction and You or otherwise to the of software included with this topic: Notices This of This to that the of efficiency. More the to to topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright
Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice Copyright (C) Thomas G. Copyright (C) MIYASAKA Copyright (C) AB Copyright (C) D. R. Copyright (C) Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies) Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS", AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when using While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-39183R2 topic: Copyright Notice