Tl& ES-1200C PC Started EPSON
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. ES-1200C of America, Inc. EPSON of Corporation. Other and of their respective EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. California, USA
Introduction This the and software professional scanning. the of the to each tl This to the software, and photograph. It to the If information scanning, the the ES-1200C Photoshop, and the EPSON Scanning SCSI interface that SCSI interface EPSON ES-1200C that or SCSI interface EZ-SCSI software, which to the SCSI interface EPSON Scanning (EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN). This software of and allows to software that the industry TWAIN interface. Photoshop, which allows to and photographs, or artwork software that to Photoshop.
and Memory the and software to properly, least the following 386-based or higher PC or IBM PS/2 MS-DOS or higher Microsoft or higher, or NT High-density, with least 25MB the and 4MB RAM and 8MB to 16MB of memory. memory of which as RAM. Microsoft 4MB the amount of RAM. Graphics and with RAM. or other Graphics (VGA) or other graphics (The least scanning.) To average-complexity the High-quality, that VGA with the graphics 3%inch
the Interface Card this to SCSI interface instructions, the that with Turn off the and peripheral the from the outlet and from the back Also, that connected to the including the the cover from If instructions, of the internal the to built-up electricity. Choose option the interface You the screws from the option and the cover. the screw or screws to the option to the the cover the interface Unpack the interface the to of the the board or the the the straight the to You should the the of the to the back of the with the screw or screws.
the cover and disconnected. the the Follow these to the the of the and with its facing the round screw the of the Turn the screw counterclockwise as shown the arrow. If necessary, the screw with coin. The screw built-in when released. You the screw.
the to the the of the and the other grounded outlet as shown below. If the when off the OPERATE Warning: off the least seconds turning back turning and off the
Connecting the to the this to the directly to the SCSI using the included the If already the SCSI another SCSI such as Chapter of the ES-1200C information including the the of the to the top or SCSI of the then the with the the of the as shown. the other of the interface the of the SCSI interface the the with the that and other turned off the
Switch the internal SCSI as shown. the SCSI ID switch to as shown. Turn the then the the the
EZ-SCSI Software If NT, to EZ-SCSI software. to the Photoshop Follow these to the EZ-SCSI software: the EZ-SCSI From the the and choose The appears. A:SETUP (or B:SETUP the B) and choose OK. the EZ-SCSI appears. Choose EZ-SCSI to the installation. appears, the SCSI interface Choose The the Choose The Subdirectory appears, prompting directory the EZ-SCSI Choose to the directory. Follow the instructions as they appear the choosing OK to the EZ-SCSI EZ-SCSI software the CONFIG.SYS and of the CONFIG.BAK. the Complete appears, choose to the
the from the and choose The SCSI containing icons. the EPSON Scanning The EPSON includes EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN. Scan! TWAIN to and then and these of It and to nearly to the (A match its that from the to EPSON TWAIN of to advanced features software that TWAIN. TWAIN industry from of without Follow these to the EPSON Scanning the EPSON Scanning From the the and choose The appears. A:SETUP (or B:SETUP the B) and choose OK. the Choose OK to Choose OK to the which the the
The the of the directory. If the displayed where choose OK. the SCSI as the interface type. The the ID, as shown below. the cover the and the Then the cover.
Choose the If the and EPSON software correctly, the the the appears the as shown below. Choose OK to the the EPSON Scanning then Photoshop Photoshop three-step process. You first the (ATM) You then the Photoshop Once these, the as Interface SCSI
the ATM Follow these to the ATM From the the and choose The appears. A:INSTALL (or B:INSTALL) the Command text and choose OK. The ATM appears. Choose to the the and displays the of the installation. appears prompting to the installation from the Then choose The the ATM and the Font Photoshop Follow these to Photoshop: already the Photoshop From the the and choose The appears.
A:SETUP.EXE (or B:SETUP.EXE) the Command text and choose OK. The Photoshop appears, as shown below. the selected. If concerned about the Photoshop Choose The appears. (optional), and the of the Photoshops the front cover of the Photoshop Choose OK. Then follow the instructions as they appear choosing OK to the installation. that the choose OK to to the the from the The containing the Photoshop Required: 8412K
Selecting the from Photoshop, to the as the Follow these From the Photoshop double-clicking its the group. Choose the and then Select TWAIN Sourc You the following Choose already highlighted. Choose Select. This the as the Select from the to to the You only to the as the the first the and the
that Photoshop. Then follow these of From the the and choose The appears. A:SETUP (or B:SETUP) the Command and choose OK. The appears, prompting directory pathname. C:\PHOTOSHP\PLUGINS the To text Then choose The to options. Choose OK to installation. Follow the instructions as they appear the the If to directory and/or type the of the directory. C:\PHOTOSHP\PLUGINS To: To choose the The and the subdirectory of the Photoshop directory.
the from the You from Photoshop choosing KPT or KPT from the the Photoshop information Photoshop or the the Scanning You to scanning. choose to The choice photograph. Printed such as those as as photographs of the the process. selecting or to the rights of the copyright Dont published without first the copyright choose follow these Photoshop already double-clicking its the Photoshop group. the cover the and the the
the that the of the photograph the Choose the then choose TWAIN. This the EPSON TWAIN
the to the the type If photograph, Photo. Click the the of the This the You of the right. To the to the of the then the as to the of the To the the as shown below. the To selected the to the of the selection then the and the of the to the location. D&in&ion Application
Once and them together brochures, or business Several factors closely reflects the when the The sections EPSON Scan! II and the EPSON Scanning information other, sophisticated of the of the to choose the Scan the the Photoshop To the the EPSON TWAIN
allows to match and that that to the than the than when they printed. Also, each from the EPSON Scan! II with and the of each of the process. The consists of the following procedures: Cl to LI Exporting chart to CI Creating Scanning the These procedures the following to Follow these to and From the the EPSON Scan! II the EPSON group.
Choose from the You the shown below: the from and the the the basic intensity. Choose OK. follow these to the From the choose to EPSON TWAIN. Choose the to the the Screen checked. If it to Choose OK. TWAIN as this the below the appear the
If to this selecting Profile the The the Exporting chart Follow these to chart from Scan! to From EPSON Scan! II, choose Chart from the You the following From the Format the BMP the field, type the (such as COLORl.BMP) to to the Choose OK to the chart. EPSON Scan! II. Photoshop double-clicking its the group. This function through each and the Select the software to the Chart software and Then to EPSON Scan! II and from the /*I Qirectories: ..I
the the chart exported. The chart of surrounded three and with top. the chart within Photoshop selecting from the the chart If than the chart each Creating Follow these to each EPSON Scan! II already the chart the of If necessary, choose from the to the EPSON TWAIN Choose Profile from the You the following the Chart the properly. and the clickContinue.the TWAIN appear. Finally,click the Scan
the field, type the of the to assign CAL to this the field, type of the to the chart. Choose You the EPSON TWAIN Select from the pull-down Select Profile from the Destination pull-down Choose the Scan The the chart and then to the Scan! You when Scanning Follow these to the when Choose from the of EPSON Scan! or Photoshop. You the EPSON TWAIN Choose the Destination to the Destination Choose Profile from the Destination Choose OK to to the EPSON TWAIN the Scan or Scan buttons.
The the information from the to the Selecting the Right Selecting the factors: the to the and the Generally, the higher the the the however, the increased of the information high-resolution The following shows the recommended inch or inch and art Black and white You clicking the Destination EPSON TWAIN. Click the to change; then the from the If information that know the basics, ready to own If information, Photoshop, and
Copyrighted photocopiers, copying of copyrighted Although Section of the U.S. Copyright of United States the copying those as broad as people the of knowledgeable attorney, and published without the of the copyright
America, Inc. California C