EPSON C
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. This the Class from as the interference of the of rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying. recording or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of the information While the of this America, Inc. or Neither from the of the information contained Inc. or from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Read of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning the of the this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This only grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
INTRODUCTION ES300C combining high The performance and with of to or scanning. The and such as graphics, and software The and easy to to office or to high-quality and ease of operation, the ES300C offers the following features: or to tones of inches inches, U.S. from inch to inch function that allows to reduce or the from to features, including correction and correction, reproduction Software-controllable function that the as interfaces to with IBM the bidirectional the optional interface; with SCSI interface. Introduction
Introduction the ES-300C With To the software to the from with IBM and computers. Other graphics and the ES300C. to choose that the sophisticated of the About This This illustrated, instructions and Chapter information the including and testing. to and follow these instructions first. information operating the and using the Chapter and of the Chapter troubleshooting information. If the properly, this chapter of and the technical the the bidirectional interface board and includes instructions to the to IBM Introduction
C the SCSI interface and includes instructions to the to information to the function. At the of this of and this WARNINGS to CAUTIONS to to Notes information and the of Where to Customer and service products of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through Introduction Introduction
Introduction that this with the the Consumer Information the following: The location of the The location of the Customer Information To or purchase or or Introduction
SETTING UP THE SCANNER Unpacking the Choosing the Assembling the Removing the Transportation Screw the Testing the the Turning the the Connecting the to Application Software the
the This chapter to and the that the and that to this and the these items: the the to the
Choosing the the following when selecting to the the enough to the the to reach. around the to allow easy and easily and the grounded locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlets switches or timers. that with or this fluctuations from of interference such as or the of telephones. than interface to the top of the CAUTION: the without the screw. the
Assembling the found the to the to the the Transportation Screw the the screw. This screw the to from to shock or CAUTION: the the screw. the with the back facing the the of the back This protects the screw. the it straight the
the screw turning counterclockwise. the screw the the of the back the screw the the screw the Assembling the
Assembling the the the screw with the round of the the top of the the screw or the You to the screw whenever the the
Attaching the The cover light from with the process. the with the facing the to its while holding the to the the tongues the of the the the back of the The tongues easily; force them. You the cover to thick or bound such as the Assembling the
that the assembled, the The cover light from with the the cover when You the cover to bound or thick You the to the The the and three The when You the switch to the and off, or to the of the cover
The lights that the of the and buttons the brightness, and features. DIP switches (located the cover) the function. You the to the The screw shown its If the with IBM the interface to the bidirectional bidirectional interface board If the with the SCSI interface the interface You then the interface to the SCSI the board. The interface where the bidirectional interface or SCSI interface interface the interface
Testing the that assembled, its built-in function to that correctly to You should this to the the to the to the CAUTION: the screw the to the turned off. the to the the back of the the
the properly grounded Turning the the the POWER and ZOOM lights The shows which of The self-initialization; the to the and the seconds, the READY light CAUTION: Whenever off the least turning back switching and off the the The and the the three once each of the then red, then the the once three the or to the Therefore, to the to to the If the connected to operation To follow these the turned off. the cover the operates the the Testing the
Testing the To the (Increase) while the The three from the to the front of the first with the light then the light, and then the light. To the (Decrease) while the The from the to the front of the three the the the back to the and the READY light. You turning off the CAUTION: off the least seconds turning back switching and off the If the to properly, the following items: If the that the properly connected to the the back of the and to If the the shows the -F, that the screw POWER READY Chapter Troubleshooting, the BRIGHT C-J)
Connecting the to testing the ready to to If to the ES-300C with IBM the bidirectional interface board You then the to the using the bidirectional interface. to this. If to the ES-300C with them the SCSI interface. C to the SCSI interface board and to the to the the
Application Software the to to the the that with or interface to the software. the
Chapter USING THE SCANNER the The the The the the Software. Scanning the Functions Scanning Format Correction Correction the Scanning and Characters the The Scanning the
the The ES-300C consists of four lights, and three buttons. The shows the of the and allows to the and the function D). POWER light ZOOM light READY light ZOOM/BRIGHT the to the or as D. software commands the The This section the lights, and buttons the and initiate and function. lights POWER On when the POWER switch and supplied. the (increase)
READY On when the ready to commands from the software. scanning. ZOOM On when the the (Decrease) to the shown the when the function. BRIGHT On when the the (Increase) and (Decrease) buttons to the shown the when the function. The The the when the and the brightness when the brightness It when the The the when first the ZOOM/BRIGHT Pressing this selects or brightness. ZOOM/BRIGHT when the READY light (when the the ready The when first the this to or brightness when the function. the the (Increase) and
the (Increase) Pressing this increases the of and and increases the of from (lightest) to this to and when the function. (Decrease) Pressing this the of from to and the brightness of from (lightest) to this to and when using the function. Pressing and function while the the function. Chapter information. Direct function The function directly from to To the function interface to the Press both the ZOOM/BRIGHT and to the function. information. the the to or
the This section about the and to and bound the The Table The and to the You of to and including U.S. and A4 There around the four of the It inches the top, inches the right, inches the and inches the the
the The origin, which the of the located the right of the as shown the the normally the right of with the origin. and The the top (shown arrows) the The the (shown white arrows) the the To scanning: the cover. the
the the the the and the cover to the the Table the
the that the the that the properly focused. to the cover to interference from light. CAUTION: the clean. Chapter information cleaning the the cover when or photographic the of to the apply too the the the To thick or bound such as the cover the
the cover. the and of the the the the that its the the Table the
Software the to interact with the and Therefore, to the software that to with the To purchase the software Application Software The of using that the software creating and software allow to directly. Others to the and then to software or that from of input If the ES-300C listed, software to there software The and type of software. software If or with the which from It software of the This the and of the commands and as as the performance of the
Scanning of inches inches, slightly than U.S. or A4 There around the four of the Turn the and then the that the READY light the the the cover. the software the and the If of the three (E-C I, or F) appears the Chapter the
the Functions Numerous functions built the ES-300C and to of effects. DIP switch or the to functions the function D). With software, of the or the of software, its each CRT, and recommended that software to with of functions and to the output ES-300C and to the covered this chapter. The of the with these software these The or measured of inch) and selected the and The ES-300C offers and the
Normally should choose the that matches the of usually CRT or To software or follow the below. Inch CRT displays software to the and brightness the function. D). Software those from the and the shown the the function to reduce or the of the The from to of the software to the and when the the shows the of the Brightness There from (lightest) to with (the as the art, and text characters. You the function with other the Functions the
the Functions Scanning this function to of the You choose anywhere within the of the as the and Format The to the reads. The of (from to or of the The the of the the of of represented. and white) scanning, of to of The or and white) scanning. scanning, choose or specify as below. this when the correction function. The the three once each then red, then this when the correction function to The reading each of the three each the
this when to and white If to to recover or Dropout below. three that the with white light, the only) this when and to recover background or Dropout the that the You choose red, or the the which tones or however, these tones. such as photographs, that tones. to the of halftoning with software. the function instead to the You or the halftoning and from the three halftoning A, B, or C. the Functions the
the Functions this with tones. This higher than B. and this that of tones. The to tones to each tone the This effective when selected. C C The to the newspaper the the of of C effective when selected. Correction correction the or closely the scanning. software to choose from including three and CRT types. You correction with other A, B, or C selected, the when CRT when printed. this high such as and If unsatisfactory, try B. the
this such as and that such as and If unsatisfactory, A. C this and when that both and CRT this that tone such as displays, or to displays. This art and text characters the the light intensity of the CRT this that of tones. Correction correction the what type of or to the that the appropriately. correction with the The four CRT displays Thermal To this function, choose or the Functions the
the This section with and further information using the these and software to when and Scanning and Characters If the art straight the that with the or If the straight Focusing the the the the from the increases, the and the or the smooth. If there pasted-up the of this Textured and because light from the reflected them. the
properly the ES-300C reflecting light off the the of overhead clearly the scanned. or the them too and too the to Thin the too thin, the the of the or the of appear as the If this the and the the the repeating interference that appears This with with and when the pitch of the with that of the with ordinary photographs they interference. Although once to completely. To the of the the following: sheet the and the that the slightly of the slightly or its slightly. software other the the
the The Scanning the amount of increases, the to the and the increases. The amount of increases as increase the and The affected the interface performance, and software performance. the
Chapter MAINTAINING AND TRANSPORTING THE SCANNER Cleaning the the Transporting the and Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should clean Clean the outer with If the of the dirty, with cloth. If the with grease or another hard-to-remove amount of cloth to off with cloth. CAUTION: to scratch or the of the and or to clean thinner, or to clean the These chemicals the as as the to the or This permanently the and the the of the and Transporting the
the The of the of If the or too to normally, the (E-F) appears the this or service the assembly. CAUTION: the of the If think repairs or necessary, and Transporting the Cleaning the
Transporting the the or follow the below to the Turn the and the to the (the back of the Then turn off the If the operating properly and the to the the front of the the to the back of the then back CAUTION: to the whenever the the and screw from the the screw the and screw to the and Transporting the
the to the screw that the straight of the with the as shown below. the cover. the and cover separately, the and CAUTION: the its to the screw operating the and the Transporting the
Chapter TROUBLESHOOTING Command Interface and Troubleshooting
the the the shows of to with the software or the To the off, to seconds, and then There three of as shown below. Command indication: The E-C appears. The READY light The command. received. received. To recover: that the software correct; then the to command. the necessary. Troubleshooting
Interface indication: The E-I appears. The READY light off. The and the To recover: Interface (the or the The to the than seconds. Turn off the the interface and the as as and software. Turn the Troubleshooting
indication: The E-F appears and The READY light off. The and the To recover: Troubleshooting One or or The screw and the The Turn the off. to the screw then the this
and This section typical and offers Chapter The while using the the of software and the following Incorrect of the interface selection of the Incorrect of or software Incorrect software or the software, and The or scanning. that the correctly The (The POWER the and the light the function. If the as the outlet using with another Troubleshooting
and The or (continued). The READY light that the READY light The the shows scanning, or the the section earlier this chapter.) to the software. The the Troubleshooting that the correctly connected to the that the interface and the type correct. that selected the interface and with software. that the interface properly installed. and IBM computers) or C computers). If other boards that they with the of the interface If interface the properly though the with B.
The software and/or operating properly. The software properly. The properly, or The E-C) often and the that correctly software. that the such as the operating the software that the enough memory software. If other software the RAM or using the enough memory. software and that the and software properly. that the interface board and other boards correctly. that software If that properly and the software. Troubleshooting and
and or of the the CRT or the that the The the or of the or The of the scanned. Troubleshooting You the scanning. the of the and while the operating. The or located the location of the and of the or or with the this If the The around the the of that the the Chapter CAUTION: heavy the
or of the the CRT or the or the of the The or that the The or of the If the thick or warped the the appear or the back of the covering the to interference from light. If of the the the colored. Reposition the that within the and the correction The when correction than when CRT. Troubleshooting and
and The or The too the CRT or and The or appear. Straight the their Troubleshooting that Without as that the correction correctly If CRT the becomes than the the from the software. the and of CRT the brightness or and of the correction and The the that the and with the and
The CRT what expected. The the as the of the halftoning A, textured appear of and of the Chapter that software correctly the of software and software and If software, that the software. that the software and match. software If this only, that or its head malfunctioning. If this both and the malfunctioning. The correctly. This appears of or the to tones from such input. To this B. Chapter Troubleshooting and
and The CRT what expected (continued). appear background. scanning, the too or than other the and of The software. appear the Troubleshooting This when halftoning selected. of tones and of the with of the from appears to to If selected using the software, switch to and specify Then the If software, the softwares operation. software the as the properly the software
The CRT what expected The the from that of the The the or the and The what expected. The of the too to the the of the correction, and correction. of these Chapter the of and software. the to If the correctly the when printed. If the and of greatly, or that the correction (If software the correction, the DIP switches. D.) Troubleshooting and
and The what expected The of the too to the the correction The from that of of other Chapter the The distorted, or than the or the or stretched from the The the the or the Troubleshooting the brightness with software. that the matches that of the that the correctly If and software offer and vertically, both the and that the properly to the and correctly that software properly and software
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Specifications. A-2 Mechanical Specifications A-4 Specifications A-4 Conditions. A-5 and A-6 A-7 A-7 Technical Specifications A-1
Specifications Product type: Sub-scanning Photoelectric Effective Scanning A-2 Technical Specifications ES-300C Flatbed, of the head CCD inches inches and software about about about switching light red,
Reading to Gradation: Brightness: process: correction: correction: Direct and software command. to A, B, C CRT and type CRT and only LQ-860, LQ-2500, and LQ-2550 (with ribbon), through interface (or HP graphics through interface only Technical Specifications A-3 Specifications
Specifications Interfaces: Light Mechanical Specifications Reliability: MCBF and Width: Specifications VAC, to VA 20M AC and Insulation chassis VDC A-4 Technical Specifications bidirectional and RS-232C Optional: SCSI Depth:
Conditions Operation: Operation: Humidity: Reflective with smooth to (5C to 35C) to (-25C to 60C) to without to without surroundings. sunlight or light Technical Specifications A-S Specifications
Specifications and (Unit: inches) Specifications and to without A-6 Technical Specifications inches
There three that the to of The turned The INIT the interface LOW). Software The software command. The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Scanning off Brightness DIP switch correction correction the terminates the operation and the to the the back of the and and DIP switch DIP switch Technical Specifications A-7
CONNECTING THE SCANNER TO PC the Interface B-2 the Bidirectional Interface B-2 The Interface B-4 Connecting the Interface B-4 B-5 Connecting the to PC B-1
the Interface This ES-300C to IBM You the the bidirectional the back of the The bidirectional interface type of interface If IBM the optional bidirectional interface board the To the bidirectional interface follow the instructions optional interface boards (or cards). If IBM PS/2 the directly to its bidirectional interface with shielded the Bidirectional Interface The bidirectional interface board specifically to the ES-300C to IBM This through bidirectional input and allowing the high of of located the board. These allow to the interface Connecting the to PC B-2
J1 selects the I/O and J2 selects the Select the and that J1 LPT1: LPT2: the Interface Connecting the to PC B-3
the Interface The Interface The interface the type as the The of the DB-25 and the type Connecting the Interface that the the interface. that both the and turned off. the of the to the the bidirectional interface board the Tighten the screws the of the B-4 Connecting the to PC
the of the to the bidirectional interface the back of the the with the the of the CAUTION: interface to the Attempting to than interface interference that the specified If interface the properly though the properly with the the or software the the of the incorrect. the Interface B-5 Connecting the to PC
the Interface The following shows the recommended the bidirectional interface The that the to with the STROBE DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA ACKNLG SLCT AUTO FEED XT ERROR DIR If properly with the interface with the B-6 Connecting the to PC BUSY PE FG INIT GND ACKNLG BUSY PE SLCT AUTO FEED XT ERROR INIT SLCT IN GND STROBE DATA DATA2 DATA3 DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA
C CONNECTING THE SCANNER TO MACINTOSH the SCSI Interface. C-2 Introducing the SCSI Interface C-2 C-2 the SCSI ID C-4 the the SCSI Interface Board. C-6 Connecting the to the SCSI Interface. C-10 Connecting the as SCSI C-10 Connecting the to Other SCSI Devices C-11 The C-13 the SCSI C-14 Connecting the to C-1
the SCSI Interface This section to the SCSI interface. If with the SCSI interface, to this thoroughly. Introducing the SCSI Interface The SCSI board included the allows to the ES-300C to Apple using the industry-standard of and software specifications known as the Interface (SCSI). This fast, interface and Associates and originally the Associates Interface (SASI). The American National and to the SASI specifications and SCSI. This interface revisions and currently ANSI specifications X3.131-1986. The SCSI interface allows to to including the what connected through the interface assigned SCSI ID that they each other. SCSI to to the that the of the the SCSI SCSI ID and the following the SCSI ID The factory SCSI ID of the SCSI board The ID You other ID and If to the to which of SCSI already SCSI ID of the ID of that or the SCSI board. C-2 Connecting the to
WARNING: the SCSI board, first grounded to release electricity that to the of the board. the interface its and the shielding the or the the board. the switch the SCSI board to or the SCSI ID. To the SCSI ID, the the top of the switch the of the ID with the the Connecting the to C-3 the SCSI Interface
the SCSI Interface CAUTION: the SCSI ID (the switch) to or These SCSI the ID to ID that already assigned to another If or the ID the the and/or the other function properly. the SCSI to properly with each other, the SCSI interface known as terminators. These to reduce the waves, and interference the SCSI interface. You of the following about to the SCSI interface. You SCSI the first and the SCSI internal or built the SCSI purchased and the SCSI If the the first SCSI the with internal internal with internal or The internal the SCSI the C-4 Connecting the to
CAUTION: than with the SCSI interface. than connected serious to the SCSI the Connecting the to C-5 the SCSI Interface
the SCSI Interface You the SCSI board the option located the back of the as below. CAUTION: To the ES-300C the of the from the SCSI the board the Turn off the and the and other interface connected to the WARNING: off the and the or optional interface board, C-6 Connecting the to
the three screws that the interface the back of the the interface cover, the cover Connecting the to C-7 the SCSI Interface
the SCSI the shield the the of the option You as the the the Press to the If the force to the the Check that the boards back the back C-8 Connecting the to
the board properly the shield of the SCSI with the three screw the back of the Connecting the to the SCSI Interface C-9
Connecting the to the SCSI Interface This section shows to the ES-300C to the SCSI interface. to the SCSI interface CAUTION: If first DIP switches SW1-1, SW1-2, and SW1-3 to D-4 to D-7 information to DIP switch Connecting the as SCSI The the directly to the To the to the to SCSI that both the and the turned off and from the the of the to the SCSI the The SCSI the with the that the securely connected. the of the to the the SCSI board. the both the and the outlets. the first; then the CAUTION: than interface C-10 Connecting the to
Connecting the to Other SCSI Devices If connecting than SCSI the to SCSI follow those to or with operation of the and/or You the (containing the SCSI board with internal the of the The of the of operations. If with internal the and therefore the first SCSI the SCSI (without or with to the of the as shown the following SCSI ES-300C CAUTION: than with to the SCSI interface. than connected serious to the SCSI the Connecting the to the SCSI Interface C-11 Connecting the to
Connecting the to the SCSI Interface If without internal and to or SCSI to the the first SCSI the or internal) as shown the below. SCSI L- ES-300C SCSI Normally, this the first SCSI that the (with its built-in the CAUTION: If to the the of the SCSI SCSI to the to the If already the SCSI board, the section the SCSI this If choose to the the of the SCSI C-12 Connecting the to
The SCSI with (the first and the turned the to allow information to through the SCSI interface. The these turned SCSI the of the off to them this If internal the and other SCSI to seconds; then the If the (first the and other SCSI to seconds; then the Connecting the to the SCSI Inferface Connecting the to C-13
the SCSI to the SCSI ID or the SCSI board to the SCSI from the Turn off the and the the three screws from the back of the SCSI the back of the the screws the board straight using the CAUTION: the board the or If the SCSI to the cover the back of the to of the Connecting the to C-14
DIRECT PRINT FUNCTION About Direct Print. D-2 Choosing D-2 the DIP Switches D-4 DIP Switch Factory D-4 the DIP Switch D-5 D-6 The DIP Switch Direct Operation. D-10 D-10 D-13 Connecting to the D-14 and Printable D-15 Direct D-16 Direct D-18 Terminating Direct D-18 and Printable D-18 Scanning Photographs and D-20 Scanning and Characters D-21 D-21 If Direct Not Work. D-22 D-1 Direct Function
About Direct The function allows to ES-300C as LQ-2500, LQ-2550, or LQ-860 with or HP or HP3630 graphics with interface. With the directly to and the to the interface the function. Choosing You the function through the interface of the You through the DIP switches as the following section. D-2 Direct Function
This function properly with or With or HP the of the ES-300C the as the This function with HP that HP-IB interface or RS-232C interface. the operation. Direct Function D-3 About Direct
the DIP Switches The ES-300C of DIP switches located the DIP switch to the of the DIP switches the following If C.) the function. software specify the functions that with DIP switches. software to DIP switch while the effective turn the off and then back DIP Switch Factory The DIP switches to the following the factory: D-4 Direct Function
The to the factory as follows: Parity type: the function only) CRT correction: CRT correction: Bidirectional interface: the DIP Switch Turn off the and the DIP switch cover D-5 Direct Function the DIP Switches
the DIP Switches or other pointed to the DIP switch DIP switch when from and off when it the DIP switch cover, The DIP switch when the to DIP switch while the effective the off and then back The DIP Switch The below the each DIP switch. The the factory D-6 Direct Function
DIP switch DIP switch the interface and the function. DIP switch SW1-1 SW1-2 SW1-3 OFF OFF OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF ON Direct Function D-7 the DIP Switches OFF ON
the DIP Switches type LQ-2500 or LQ (with ribbon) DIP switch DIP switch the normally the function. operations, software these functions and the DIP switch Therefore, the function, to these switches from the factory Table DIP switch Switch SW2-1 SW2-2 SW2-3 correction SW2-4 SW2-5 switch SW2-8 to off ordinary operations. SW2-8 to when the function. D-8 Direct Function OFF Function ON correction ON ON
Table Table correction ON ON OFF C OFF OFF ON correction the DIP Switches Direct Function D-9
Direct Operation the function, to the the and the as below, then them with interface to the interface On the to the interface type, and functions with the DIP switches. You to the and with the buttons operation. the interface the DIP switch to when to the function. the type DIP switches SW1-7 and SW1-8 to match the type using to the below. other than those shown below. The LQ-2500 or LQ-2550 allows to the the type SW1-7 LQ-860 (with ribbon) OFF HP or graphics LQ-2500 or LQ-2550 (with ribbon) D-10 Direct Function SW1-8 OFF OFF ON ON ON
CAUTION: to SW2-8 to This the of the interface, which to the function. to SW2-8 back to off. the properly with the the LQ-2500 or LQ-2550 when You the LQ-860 with the the You halftoning or To choose A, SW2-1 and SW2-2 off. halftoning tones, as with photographs. the tones, as with art. and C effective DIP switches SW2-3 to SW2-7 to the correction and correction to type. Chapter information about and correction. Direct Direct Function D-11
Direct The recommended as follows: correction SW2-5 SW2-3 SW2-4 OFF ON OFF correction The recommended the HP as follows: correction SW2-4 SW2-3 SW2-5 correction halftoning correction, and correction, Chapter the and to increase or the and/or lightness- of the to operation, follow these the the and the cover. D-12 Direct Function SW2-7 SW2-6 OFF OFF SW2-6 SW2-7 OFF ON
Turn the The and the the Press to increase the or The from to and the the both the and the To brightness the ZOOM/BRIGHT The the brightness as shown the below. Press to increase the of the or the of the The to from (lightest) to If LQ-2500 or LQ-2550 the SelecType function to the following: Interface: Right Unidirectional On the LQ-2550 the following: length: or Direct Operation to the Direct Function D-13 to
Direct If using LQ-860 the DIP switches to to these If the DIP switch or the interface type with SelecType, the off and back to the Connecting to the type each to the and with connecting the that both the and the turned off. D-14 Direct Function
and Printable The with the function as shown below. and HP or inches inches or (Printed (Printed You type of that including sheets or however, that the enough to the You the of the with the function of the the relation and this CAUTION: than the choose. the Direct Direct Function D-15 inches or
Starting Direct To operation, follow the below: Turn the and then the If the turned first, its indicating that the the interface correctly. To the to off the and back to that the and (ON LINE light and ready to CAUTION: that the enough to the to the the the If to the and brightness the as earlier this that the READY light Then and ZOOM/BRIGHT the (These buttons as PRINT the This (The READY light off POWER READY D-16 Direct Function
the finished the its to the and the READY light the than the the to allow the to catch Direct with of about At about finished, the off and the FORM FEED or LOAD/EJECT to the (The finished off the and and them from each other. Starting Direct Direct Function D-17
Direct This section information that the function. Terminating Direct Direct the whole of the or the turned off. the off or of the To the or To the of operation, first the off to then off the the from the the FORM FEED or LOAD/EJECT then off the the If off the turning off the the to off this the back or turn the off and then back the from the If the off and back the and terminates and Printable To allow around the feeding and the of to within the of the type selected. the or and approximately inches or D-18 Direct Function
the increases, the of If, and the or to and If with of with the the right and of the The relationship and of the and shown the below. The inches and and HP Direct Function D-19 Direct
Direct Printable Scannable of Scanning Photographs and If the tones photographs, the halftoning A. this of tones, such as the background, might textured of appear. This of this type of processing. The when from reasonable D-20 Direct Function inches inches
Scanning and Characters art and text characters of tones and the halftoning process. The following recommended art. correction CRT If the art straight the that with the or If the the straight On and bidirectional the graphics Selecting bidirectional increases the however, the highest If the as the the with Direct Function D-21 Direct
Direct If Direct Not Work This section typical and offers about of the function. The while using the function often selection of the and/or operation of Direct or as expected. The or of characters printed. The white or each Direct Function D-22 that the and the correct. Direct properly or with ribbon. Terminate the that the interface and that the DIP switch the correct. the that the such as the properly If the properly, the with
GLOSSARY of the of Usually to second. that of that only (light) or or which the of information or Indicates the of allocated The the the the brightness function to or the of the that the and light scanning. The the to the while the the correction of the type of that the reproduction closely matches the function to to The of of or the
or that when the turned or initialized. The physical such as of or containing the to inch. of The higher the the higher the The the to the as white; therefore scanned. correction of the that the reproduction of to those of the of tones that the the tones. Used and The the where the operation. type of that the the with of To establish the of the turning the
type that the through of interface Hardware, or or type of with that allows the to internal memory type of which the that appear when or Black and white, or the intensity of that consists of than The of the and Located the right of the type of which the the each interface type of interface that
Short Each of of and of of The without the process. or interface through which that consists of and four light to (light), and Indication of finely Measured the and the The scanning. The physical of the that the Measured or the of the and built-in function to the of the thermal type that the with heat of heating function to or reduce the of the