NPD1879-00
Copyright and of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. and of Incorporated. Apple and ColorSync of Apple Computer, Inc. PRINT Matching and the PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights EPSON Scan software based the of the JPEG Group. Notice: Other only and of their respective Copyright Corporation. rights Copyright and
Instructions Instructions these instructions, and follow and instructions the this and the following: to injury. to to the enough to the the interface to reach easily. or the or the AC or heat or locations to shocks, high or humidity, sunlight, strong light or or humidity. with the and the AC outlet where the AC easily the AC the Instructions Notes information and useful the of this
The AC should to and top of the AC and allow the AC or the AC to or to the AC cords straight the and the where they and the AC the AC A371B/A311E that with other fire, shock, or injury. The AC with the with which it included. to with other specified. the type of indicated the AC and supply directly from outlet with the AC that the connecting this to or other with the of the Each only the both connected the outlets the as or that switch and off. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the Instructions
or to the AC AC cord, or option as specifically the as they or of shock products that or around this Doing fire. the and the AC and servicing to service the following The AC or the or the AC the or the AC or the the or the AC normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions.) the and the AC cleaning. Clean with cloth only. or cleaners. If to the to the AC from the and users: with of the and Instructions
United and users: United States users: The this mercury Please and regulations or recycling. the Restrictions the following to the and of Copying of the following items prohibited government-issued government and postcards, and other official items Government-issued and issued to that with the Authority. cord: insulated that certified* to the IEC or BS Appliance certified* to the IEC or BS of IECEE CB Instructions
when copying the following items: monthly Passports, warrants of food of copyrighted improperly copying copyrighted acting the of knowledgeable attorney, and the of the copyright copying published ENERGY STAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and and to reduce caused Their and Instructions ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency.
Chapter of Scanning the You of to the (ADF) built This and without each individually. "Loading the to started. You or and directly the whenever to them. the instructions. of
Scanning to PDF You the ADF and them as PDF EPSON Scan displays the as them and or them as necessary. You the and and as PDF "Scanning to PDF instructions. of
Converting Scanned Text You and the that with This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as "Converting Scanned Text" instructions. of
Scanning to You the that the and the to the The the software or to To the ADF and the "Starting Scan With the To from the using the Scan With the of
EPSON Scan EPSON Scan aspects of and includes three Office text and their with EPSON Scan this the first and and their with only when from the Professional of and their with You EPSON Scan as to or directly to To the ADF, "Starting Scan With EPSON Scan" To or the "Starting Scan With EPSON Scan" of
You EPSON Scan whenever with another such as To the ADF, Scan With Another Scanning To or the Scan With Another Scanning of
Chapter to the (ADF) Edge light Ready light to the
of ADF to the Parts
DC USB interface ADF optional interface to the
Lights and Lights The lights the Ready light light to the On Ready to Flashing or scanning. On On occurred. "Reading the Lights" information. Flashing Flashing occurred. "Reading the Lights" information. The off.
The operations. The software to or using the EPSON Scan. To the ADF and the "Starting Scan With the To from the using the "Starting Scan With the to the
the Loading the You to of the ADF thickness of inches] or Specifications" that the photographs or artwork the ADF. or the Scan high-quality or halftone the instead. the from the and there the the ADF.
the the of the the ADF. the the input of the ADF the outward. the
You first software, and with the of To Scan With the the the first of the input with the facing and the top facing the the the Then the to the of the
Specifications The below the of the ADF. that the following specifications the ADF: the following them the ADF: The The and or The or other to these the The The areas. The or bound. The coating. A4 inches) inches) inches) B5 inches) A5 inches) Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) to type High-quality the
the Table to the rights of copyright owners. published text or without first their copyright heavy the and the with too force. If to with the "Loading the instead. the ADF. the
or the the the top of the or the of the the
If or once, each least inches) from the others. the If or thick or Thick instructions.
the ADF that To or photo, Scan With the the and the of the ADF clean. "Cleaning the instructions. the of as they to the the
or Thick Follow these to or thick the or thick the the
the ADF and as the
Chapter Scanning the Scan With the the first of the ADF input "Loading the instructions. Scanning the the ADF while or ADF and feeding
Press the the EPSON Scan Office the first You reassign the to another to the If when the "Pressing the Not the Correct From EPSON Scan, preview, and to "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions. Scanning the
Scan With EPSON Scan If to and directly to EPSON Scan as the first of the ADF input the instructions. of the following to EPSON Scan: Scanning the the ADF while or ADF and feeding Double-click the EPSON Scan or EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS X: the Applications and the EPSON Scan
EPSON Scan Office the first If necessary, the arrow the the top right of the EPSON Scan and Office You the Office instructions using Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions. Scanning the
If the the right of the to Professional EPSON Scan instructions using Professional "Selecting To the Scan Scanning the
Starting Scan With Another Scanning You such as to with You the EPSON Scan as and finished, the and the first of the ADF input "Loading the instructions. the and the or option. instructions Select EPSON GT-2500 the ADF while or ADF and feeding Double-click the from or of the following: Select or OS X: the Applications the and the the as the first. If Select Source option, choose and there first. Scanning the
EPSON Scan Office the first If necessary, the arrow the the top right of the EPSON Scan and Office Scanning the XP users: choose WIA option from the or correctly. You the Office instructions using Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions.
If the the right of the to Professional EPSON Scan instructions Professional "Selecting To the Scan of the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan aspects of with the ADF these Office text and their with EPSON Scan this the first Professional of and their with the Scan instructions switching to Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office Professional when to and corrections to scanning. You correct, and with of including restoration. the Scan instructions switching to Professional "Selecting Scanning the
Selecting EPSON Scan Office EPSON Scan Office follow these to EPSON Scan Select whether the of or Black&White ADF or ADF Double-sided as the Source Select the of as the Scanning the
Click the arrow to the and the of inch which to the below Click the the of the EPSON Scan first top of the of the then the to the ADF. If necessary, the around the of that to the What with the to to only the Print, to text (OCR) The ADF first then EPSON Scan and displays the The ADF then first instructions creating and the Scan Scanning the
as the below. and Brightness the and the the light and of the Unsharp Turn to the of Turn off to the that appear subtly-shaded areas, such as tones. when or newspaper which include their Text text when text Threshold the which the text and art text OCR This when the to Black&White. Click the Scan to What Scanning the If EPSON Scan as the "Selecting If from such as the Click to the EPSON Scan and the
Selecting EPSON Scan Professional Selecting the to the location, and of the to the specify the location which to Click the or buttons or the or OS X). If to another Other then or Choose OS X) and the Scanning the
with character to the the If once, each Select as the following the the Scanning the With the following characters the With OS X, the Format Explanation BITMAP (*.BMP) only) including and this JPEG (*.JPG) which the selected. The JPEG highly the higher the the the quality. and the each the The TIFF recommended when and retouching required. (*.TIF) TIFF where to the (With other each You the them. To that
The checkboxes the of the these options: PDF (*.PDF) that both and (platform To PDF as PDF or PDF, You the them. "Scanning to PDF PICT (*.PCT) only) including and this PRINT II JPEG (*.JPG) or TIFF (*.TIF) TIFF (*.TIF) created such as graphic and DTP software. white specify the type. with the Select this option to the selected and location and overwrite previous with the this Select this option the to appear If the arrow to the right of the Scan and to the Scanning the that includes PRINT Matching II and PRINT II then using this true-to-life (PRINT the the displays JPEG or TIFF
Click OK EPSON Scan scanning. the Scan To the the arrow the the top right of the EPSON Scan Then the to from the that appears. the ADF, Office and Professional It to Office The when EPSON Scan the Scanning the scanning Select this option or the to the where when EPSON Scan finishes scanning. The the and location chose.
Selecting EPSON Scan Professional the EPSON Scan Professional to these basic These EPSON Scan the type of scanning. Scanning the
Destination These EPSON Scan to the Follow these to the EPSON Scans Professional Click the arrow to the Source and ADF or ADF Double-sided using the ADF). Click the arrow the and Click the arrow to the and the type scanning: EPSON Scan selects based the and select. "Selecting the Scan to scanning. Scanning the of that to image-editing photo Smoothing graphics, such as chart or Black-and-white with of Black-and-white photo with of Black White with text and/or art
Selecting the Scan Professional the the should whether the and whether them or Follow these You the If the or and them the selected EPSON Scan based and You the as them (increase the If the EPSON Scan them the selected EPSON Scan based and You the their then them If to image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increase the the inch), increase the the to EPSON Scan. Scanning the
Click the arrow to the and the of inch which to the below What with the to to only the Print, to (OCR) Increase amount increase selecting the the first of and and the Scan to scanning. and the Scan Once selected and Professional the first of and or the of the to EPSON Scan displays the Follow these to and the first of Professional Scanning the
Click the the of the EPSON Scan first top of the of the then the to the ADF. The ADF first then EPSON Scan and displays it the The ADF then first Scanning the
You the following to the finished the and the and the of already selected "Selecting the Scan instructions. Scanning the To the to that the of You the to the the Scan instructions. If to than first and that to that "Selecting the Scan instructions. To the and the EPSON Scan and displays the To the the and the as the and Other
the Scan that appears the of to the You the its and to Follow these To The becomes of cross-hairs. Scanning the
the the where to the of and click. the and the cross-hairs the to the of the Then release the You the of the of the following to the Scanning the To the the The becomes hand. Click and the to the location.
To the the or of the The becomes straight or double-arrow. Click and the or to the To of the to or only, the as the To of the to the the as the To the and the Scanning the
the and Other Once and the the necessary. EPSON Scan offers of sharpness, and other aspects affecting to the or the to You to to the of the EPSON Scan The below the Professional these the EPSON Scan finished "Selecting the Scan or and "Finishing the Scan" Scanning the
and Brightness the and the the light and of the the of the the of red, and the Click the button. To continuously, the the and You the of using the Unsharp Turn to the of The of sharpness Turn off to the that appear subtly areas, such as tones. when or newspaper which include their The of the appear the graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only. Scanning the Click the to the Brightness Click the to the Click the to the Click the to the Click the to the
Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only. graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only. Threshold the which the text and art delineated, OCR only when Black White as the To the red, and as the the and EPSON Scan or selected, the type of and other selected. You EPSON Scan clicking the and the that appears. EPSON Scan To to the the off the or Scanning the Click the Tone Correction to the Correction Click the to the
Selecting the Scan You their or reduce or their as them. You this the Professional Professional If to to should the (indicated the This the to the unexpectedly. Scanning the
instructions and the Scan Then follow these to the You choose from the Click the arrow the and the that appears Scanning the
If to that the Click the arrow the and You the You the Click the or OS X) to to these the the then OK appears the To the Scanning the
Once selected and the to the the to the Scan The retained as ready to "Finishing the Scan" instructions. Scanning the To the cropped, or off. EPSON Scan To the of the Then the or width/height If to the or the (Not the information about the the EPSON Scan
Finishing the Scan finished selecting and the the ADF, ready to Click the Scan loaded, scanned, and ejected. What If EPSON Scan as the This the and location of "Selecting If from such as the Click to the EPSON Scan and image(s) the Scanning the
Chapter Scanning the Starting Scan With the or the the instructions. Press the the EPSON Scan Office the first Scanning the Table From EPSON Scan, preview, and to "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions.
To the Scan You reassign the to another to the If when the "Pressing the Not the Correct Scan With EPSON Scan If to and directly to EPSON Scan as or the the instructions. of the following to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan or EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS X: the Applications and the EPSON Scan Scanning the
EPSON Scan Office the first If the the right of the to or Professional EPSON Scan instructions or Professional "Selecting To the Scan Scanning the Table instructions Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions.
Starting Scan With Another Scanning You such as to with You the EPSON Scan as and finished, the and or the the instructions. the and the or option. instructions Select EPSON GT-2500 Double-click the from or of the following: Select or OS X: the Applications the and the the as the first. If Select Source option, choose and there first. XP users: choose WIA option from the or correctly. Scanning the Table
EPSON Scan Office the first If the the right of the to or Professional EPSON Scan instructions or Professional "Selecting To the Scan Scanning the Table instructions Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions.
of the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan aspects of and includes three Office text and their with EPSON Scan this the first and and their with Professional of and their effects with the Scan instructions switching to Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office when to of or them. You the as the and including restoration. the Scan instructions switching to "Selecting Professional when to and corrections to scanning. You correct, and with of including restoration. Scanning the Table
Selecting EPSON Scan Office EPSON Scan Office follow these to EPSON Scan Scanning the Table the Scan instructions switching to Professional "Selecting
Select whether the of or Black&White Select or Table as the Source the of as the Click the arrow to the and the of inch which to the below Click the the of the EPSON Scan the the around the of that to What with the to to only the Print, to text (OCR) EPSON Scan and displays the instructions creating and the Scan Scanning the Table
as the below. and Brightness the and the the light and of the Unsharp Turn to the of Turn off to the that appear subtly-shaded areas, such as tones. when or newspaper which include screening their Text text when text Threshold the which the text and art OCR This when the to Black&White. Click the Scan to What Scanning the Table If EPSON Scan as the "Selecting If from such as the Click to the EPSON Scan and the
Selecting EPSON Scan Home/Professional Selecting the to the location, and of the to the specify the location which to Click the or buttons or the or OS X). If to another Other then or Choose OS X) and the Scanning the
Specify with character to the the If scanning once, each Select as the following the the Scanning the With the following characters the With OS X, the Format Explanation BITMAP (*.BMP) only) including and this JPEG (*.JPG) which the selected. The JPEG the higher the the the and the each the The TIFF recommended when and retouching required. (*.TIF) TIFF where to the (With other each You the them. To that
The checkboxes the of the these options: PDF (*.PDF) that both and (platform To PDF as PDF or PDF, You the them. "Scanning to PDF PICT (*.PCT) Macintosh. only) including and this PRINT II JPEG (*.JPG) or TIFF (*.TIF) TIFF (*.TIF) created such as graphic and DTP software. scanning white the type. with the Select this option to the selected and location and overwrite previous with the this Select this option the to appear If the arrow to the right of the Scan and to the that includes PRINT II and PRINT Matching II then using this true-to-life (PRINT the the displays JPEG or TIFF Scanning the Table
Click OK EPSON Scan scanning. The the and location chose. the Scan To the the arrow the the top right of the EPSON Scan Then the to from the that appears. The when EPSON Scan the instructions using these or Professional "Selecting Office "Selecting EPSON Scan Office Scanning the Table Select this option or the to the where when EPSON Scan finishes scanning.
Selecting EPSON Scan or Professional the EPSON Scan Scanning the Table
Professional or photo, to these These EPSON Scan the type of or Destination These EPSON Scan to the Scanning the Table
Follow these to the or EPSON Scan: of the following to type: of the following to Click the arrow to the and the type of scanning. Then the or Black White to the the Professional Click the arrow to the Source and from the Then the arrow the and or Click the the to the the Destination or the or to text with OCR Character Other to other Scanning the Table
EPSON Scan selects based the and select. "Selecting the Scan to scanning. Scanning the Table Professional Click the arrow to the and the type scanning: of that to photo Smoothing graphics, such as chart or Black-and-white with of Black-and-white photo with of Black White with text and/or art
Selecting the Scan the Other as the Destination Professional the the should whether the and whether them or Follow these You the If the or and them the selected EPSON Scan based and You the as them (increase the If the EPSON Scan them the selected EPSON Scan based and Scanning the Table
You the their then them If to image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increase the the inch), increase the the to EPSON Scan. Click the arrow to the and the of inch which to the below What with the to to the Print, to text (OCR) Increase amount increase selecting the and and the Scan to scanning. Scanning the Table
and the Scan Once selected basic and or Professional and or the of the image(s) to EPSON Scan displays the image(s) Follow these to image(s) or Professional Click the the of the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan image(s) and displays them the Scanning the
You the following to the image(s): finished the and the and the of already selected "Selecting the Scan instructions. Scanning the If the of or scanned, from the of the slightly. To the to that the of You the to the the Scan instructions. If to than first and that to that "Selecting the Scan instructions. You then the and each that To the and the EPSON Scan and displays the other the the To the the image(s) to and the as the and Other
the Scan that appears the of to the You the its and to Follow these To The becomes of cross-hairs. Scanning the Table
the the where to the of and click. the and the cross-hairs the to the of the Then release the You the of the of the following to the Scanning the To the the The becomes hand. Click and the to the location.
To to them as through or the to of the You and the as To and the To the the or of the The becomes straight or double-arrow. Click and the or to the To of the to or only, the as the To of the to the the as the Scanning the Table
the and Other Once and the the necessary. EPSON Scan offers of sharpness, and other aspects affecting to the or the to Professional to to the of the EPSON Scan The below the and/or Professional these the EPSON Scan finished "Selecting the Scan or and the Scan" and Restoration and Professional: the automatically. Scanning the
Brightness Home, Office, and Professional: the and Home, Office, and Professional: the the light and of the Professional only: the of the Professional only: the of red, and the Home: Automatically applied. the Brightness to the Brightness Office and the to the Brightness Professional the to the Brightness the Brightness to the Office and the to the Professional the to the Click the to the Click the to the Office: Click the then the to the Professional: Click the To continuously, the the and You the of the Scanning the
Unsharp Home: Automatically applied. Home, Office, and Professional: the that appear subtly areas, such as tones. when or newspaper which include their The of the appear the only Professional only: graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only. Tone Correction Professional only: graphical interface tone individually. users only. Professional only: graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only. Threshold Home, Office, and Professional: the which the text and art text OCR only when Black White as the Scanning the Office and Professional: Turn to the of The of sharpness Turn off to Click the to the Click the Correction to the Correction Click the to the the Brightness to the Threshold
To the red, and as the the and EPSON Scan or selected, the type of and other selected. You EPSON Scan clicking the and the that appears. EPSON Scan To to the the off the or Scanning the Table
Selecting the Scan You their or reduce or their as them. You this the or Professional Scanning the
Professional If to to should the (indicated the This the to the unexpectedly. instructions image(s), and the Scan Then follow these to the Scanning the Table
You choose from the Click the arrow the and the that appears If to that the Click the arrow the and You the Scanning the Table the the then OK appears the
Professional the using tools. Click the or OS X) to to these Once selected and the to the the to the Scan The retained as ready to image(s). "Finishing the Scan" instructions. To the To the cropped, or off. EPSON Scan To the of the Then the or width/height If to the or the (Not the information about using the the EPSON Scan Scanning the Table
Finishing the Scan finished selecting ready to Click the Scan scanned. What If EPSON Scan as the This the and location of "Selecting If from scanning such as image(s) the Click to the EPSON Scan and image(s) the Scanning the Table
Chapter the Scanning to PDF You of the ADF and them as PDF EPSON Scan displays the as them and or them as necessary. You the and as PDF If from to the ADF to the to individually, or using EPSON Scan as below. the of these sections instructions: of the following to EPSON Scan: If the ADF, the first of "Loading the If from the the Double-click the EPSON Scan or EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the
If the the top right of the EPSON Scan to Professional the arrow the and Professional If the ADF, ADF Single-sided or ADF Double-sided as the Source the OS X: the Applications and the EPSON Scan If the Table
Click the arrow the and type; or Click the arrow to the and the type scanning: Click the arrow to the and the of inch which to the below of that to image-editing Smoothing graphics, such as chart or Black-and-white photo with of Black-and-white photo with of Black White with text and/or art What with the to to the Print, to text (OCR) the
Click the the of the EPSON Scan One of the following the the around the of that to necessary. the If the of displayed the If the ADF, first then EPSON Scan and displays the The ADF then first first top of the of the then the to the ADF. instructions creating and of the following If with the ADF, the Scan If from the the Scan
the EPSON Scan and as the below. and Restoration the automatically. Brightness the and the the light and of the the of the the of red, and the Click the To continuously, the button, the and Continuous You the of using the Unsharp Turn to the of The of sharpness Turn off to the that appear subtly areas, such as tones. when or newspaper which include their The of the appear the only Click the to the Brightness Click the to the Click the to the Click the to the the
graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only. Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only. graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only. Threshold the which the and art delineated, text OCR when Black White as the Click the Scan to the Click the to the Click the Tone Correction to the Correction Click the to the
The appears: Select PDF as the type The Margin, and displayed below the
If to of the PDF the You the EPSON PDF finished selecting OK EPSON Scan and displays this the Select the that match and OK You to the
If finished and to of the and to You the Editing thumbnail of each If to or scanning, Then or originals and Scan finished, and to If finished and to the without editing the and to If to include the PDF as they currently to If to include of the the or or the to the
finished OK PDF the location selected. Click to EPSON Scan. the If to or the or the or to the Then the or right to them or the to them. The when selected.
Converting Scanned Text You and the text that with This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as OCR Software OCR software handwritten characters, and of or text OCR software to such Items that from other Text with tightly spaced characters or pitch Text that or Cursive or and than Scanning OCR Follow these to and text using OCR OCR instructions. the of these sections instructions: "Loading the the the
OCR OCR function. EPSON Scan the used. Select as follows, the the Office Select ADF ADF or Table as the Source. Select or Black&White as the Select as the and the necessary. If the ADF, "Selecting EPSON Scan Office If from the "Selecting EPSON Scan Office Select Newspaper or Text/Line as the Select Black&White or as the Choose or Other as Destination and as and the Scan
Click Scan scanned, and OCR Follow the instructions OCR to and Professional Select ADF ADF Double-sided or as the Source. Select as the Select Black&White or as the Select as the and If the ADF, and the Scan If from the and the Scan If the characters text the Threshold If using the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions. the
Restoring the Restoration EPSON Scan, or exposed with true-to-life and sharpness. You as them. Follow these to using EPSON Scan: the the instructions. EPSON Scan. of these sections instructions: the Restoration the ADF. Scan With EPSON Scan" "Starting Scan With Another Scanning
the EPSON Scan appears, or Professional the right of the necessary. Select the the type of original(s) scanning, then the the image(s). "Selecting instructions. Click the to image(s), then and the Scan instructions. To the the Scan the
of the following to the Restoration option: other the and Other instructions. as necessary. "Selecting the Scan instructions. the Click the Restoration Professional to the and the Restoration
Click the Scan to and the image(s). to the The EPSON Scan Office when the first You the to that such as If it appear the selection If to assign to the button, follow the below. The the of With XP Click and Other or Double-click the and What EPSON Scan. the Scan" the
Right-click and You this Click the the Select choose the the this choose the to assign. appear the Click Apply then OK the If to choice of whenever the the Prompt which to instead. If to the from the action instead.
With 98SE, or Click Double-click the and of the following: Right-click and 98SE and Select and You this the
Click the the choose the the to this the the to assign. appear the Click Apply then OK the If to choice of whenever the than the If to the from the instead. With the assigned
Chapter the Optional Network Card the Network Card The EPSON Network Card (B808392) without to the to PC. using the the that with other optional or Turn off the or the Network Card while the turned otherwise the and the from the the ADF to To the Network Card, the USB from the otherwise the properly. the USB while Ethernet already connected to the RJ-45 the Network Card. the Optional Network Card
the screws the shield Phillips-head screwdriver, then the shield to the screws the shield the Network Card optional interface the Optional Network Card
Press as the thumbscrews to the the To the Network Card, the while holding the the seconds. The light and light Turn off the to the Network Card whenever or the the Optional Network Card
Connecting the Card and to Network Ethernet shielded twisted-pair to the RJ-45 the Network Card and the other to Turn the the Optional Network Card You shielded twisted-pair to the Network Card to malfunction. the Network Card directly to it to or the when the turned the USB while Ethernet already to the RJ-45 the Network Card.
the lights the Network Card. while the light and the light the yellow light Computers Network Scanning To allow Network Interface Card and Network Interface Card (NIC) each the the that with the instructions. Then follow the instructions this section to the TCP/IP the computers. the TCP/IP XP or The this section however the instructions the XP, as noted. the Optional Network Card
XP Click right-click Network and the Optional Network Card Right-click the Network and
Double-click Click the Optional Network Card
the (TCP/IP) the Click The Select Network appears. the Optional Network Card If (TCP/IP) appear the to If appear, to "Scanning Network"
Select from the and (TCP/IP) and OK the (TCP/IP) and OK Then to "Scanning the Optional Network Card
98SE or Click to and Double-click the Network Click the the Network the Optional Network Card
TCP/IP included the Click The Select Network appears. Select from the and If TCP/IP appears the to "Scanning Network" otherwise, to the Optional Network Card
Select Microsoft from the and TCP/IP from Network then OK Follow the instructions the to the Then to "Scanning Scanning Network Starting EPSON Scan and Network Card turned and properly. Then follow the below to the EPSON Scan to scanning. With and XP, to with to the software. With XP, and OS X, to to to the to the the apply to users. the Optional Network Card
With OS X, the Switching function while the IP or of the Network Card from EPSON Scan Click XP) or 98SE, and EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS Click the EPSON Scan the the Optional Network Card
Select EPSON GT-2500 from the Select Click the Network button, then the button. the Optional Network Card
the choose the Network Card's IP Search or the and type the Then the OK the Optional Network Card
the EPSON Scan the to the If everything properly, the Click OK to the the Optional Network Card
Scanning You the IP Network Card EPSON Scan instructions. Turn and the On the the EPSON Scan the or from the Applications OS X). Select and then of the following to the the the as clicking the Scan the EPSON Scan Click the Scan the EPSON Scan Press the the the Optional Network Card
Chapter Cleaning the To operating its clean the following Turn off the using its the AC from the Clean the outer with cloth with and If the of the dirty, with cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of and cloth to off that builds the of the
If the of the ADF dirty, as to the of the of ADF of
the of the with force. the The of the If the or becomes too to normally, the and the Ready and lights flash. this the assembly replaced. the If think repairs or necessary, to scratch or the of the and or to clean the thinner, or to the These chemicals the and the to the or This permanently the and the the
Transporting the the or it of to the and to the to the its and the lights flashing. the Ready light off the its On the of the the to the to the the protective then the its or that fits the snugly.
Chapter Troubleshooting Reading the Lights If the operating and the Ready and lights flash. This of the following The connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and connecting the to The locked. the to the the sheet that with instructions. trying these off the its then back Troubleshooting
If the Ready and lights flashing: The malfunctioning. The to replaced. The ADF malfunctioning. or EPSON. "Contacting Customer Support" instructions If operating the The turned its The securely The outlet (If necessary, another and turning If scanning, the other topics this section. Troubleshooting
The Not Scan the Ready light to that the ready to properly USB other than the that with The properly when connected to the through than the directly to the USB or through only. The properly when or OS X). EPSON Scan and The properly operating EPSON Scan. "Uninstalling Scanning Software" instructions and OS the properly. the OS interface instead. Troubleshooting
The to the and securely connected to the and and the turned the interface securely connected to the and and that the or crimped. properly USB other than the that with try that The properly when connected to the through than USB the directly to the USB or through only. to the the interface If USB. "Checking USB Support" instructions. Troubleshooting
Checking USB Right-click the and (On XP, then right-click and of the following: and Universal If or servicer Troubleshooting XP or Click the then the or 98SE Click the If USB Universal and USB USB.
Pressing the Not the Correct EPSON Scan correctly. the sheet instructions. as follows: OS X, the software or as the user who the software. Other first EPSON the Applications and then the to XP Click the and action selected. Also, the selected the Select and this selected. 98SE, and users: Click the and the clear. Also, the selected the and the the to this selected. Troubleshooting
You Scan One least inches) from each other the If with the ADF, "Loading the Scanning Software EPSON Scan or based the currently selected or the currently optional If that with USB the You with USB this informs that Troubleshooting
You EPSON Scan the turned Turn off and then the USB them to The properly when or OS X). EPSON Scan and The properly operating EPSON Scan. "Uninstalling Scanning Software" instructions and that EPSON Scan selected the appears without or If the appears with of these or as Unknown EPSON Scan as "Uninstalling EPSON Scan" Then following the instructions If with the ADF, "Starting Scan With Another Scanning If from the Scan With Another Scanning instructions. Troubleshooting
The Software Work Properly enough memory and the other the software software and With whether appears than once the and of the following: The properly when or OS X). EPSON Scan and The properly operating EPSON Scan. "Uninstalling Scanning Software" instructions and Troubleshooting XP and Double-click the and and EPSON Scan following the instructions 98SE and Double-click the and from the of and EPSON Scan following the instructions
Scanning Computers with USB (high speed) than those with USB If using USB with the to scanning. If with the ADF, "Selecting the Scan If from the "Selecting the Scan instructions. Troubleshooting
Scan Quality The Edges of Not Scanned the about inch) from the of the to of inch) You Scanned the the with the to facing the with the Black&White or Professional the Threshold the and Other instructions. Troubleshooting
of Appears Scanned The or scratched. Clean the as "Cleaning the You to the of the ADF as "Cleaning the If the Straight the perfectly straight the the and with the the top and of the the with force. Troubleshooting
Distorted or Blurred the the or warped. heavy the the or while scanning. the Select Unsharp EPSON Scans Office or Professional Troubleshooting If with the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions.
the EPSON Scans Office or Professional selecting the following the Continuous and Recommended the EPSON Scan Increase the If with the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions. If with the ADF, "Selecting the Scan instructions. If from the "Selecting the Scan instructions. Troubleshooting
Colors Patchy or Distorted the Edges of If thick or warped the cover the with to light as Scanned Too the to match such as or the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan Troubleshooting
the EPSON Scans Office or Professional selecting the following the Continuous and Recommended the EPSON Scan the Brightness EPSON Scan. the the EPSON Scans Professional EPSON Scan the and of If with the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions. If with the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions. Troubleshooting
the of Appears Scanned If thin the back to the and appear the with of the back of the and If with the ADF, "Selecting If from the "Selecting Appear Scanned appear of It caused interference from the pitches the and the halftone Troubleshooting with
Select the EPSON Scan. You when or higher than Office or Professional the Unsharp Professional the of the to If with the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions. If with the ADF, "Selecting the Scan instructions. If from the "Selecting the Scan instructions. Troubleshooting
Characters Not Converted Text (OCR) the perfectly straight the the and with the the top and of the Office or Black&White as the Then the Threshold OCR software to there OCR software. Scanned Colors from the Colors the EPSON Scan. Select of this and the others below. the to match such as or the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan Troubleshooting Professional the B&W Option Then the Threshold "Converting Scanned Text" instructions. If with the ADF, "Selecting instructions. If from the "Selecting instructions.
the EPSON Scans Office or Professional selecting Correction selecting the following the and Recommended the turning off the EPSON Scan the and of and software. the of software and the ICM or ColorSync OS X. With that matches to on-screen matching software and information matching and Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and If with the ADF, the and Other instructions. If from the the and Other instructions. Troubleshooting
You Scan the selected Office or Professional EPSON Scan. the Scan instructions. ADF ADF Double-sided or selected as Source EPSON Scan. "Selecting EPSON Scan Office instructions. If the ADF and scanning If from to the ADF to the to individually, or EPSON Scan as the If the ADF, the ADF and from the Then to from of the If follow these Turn off the using its button. If the ADF Troubleshooting
the top cover of the ADF. the and the the too or tear, to If the easily, to Troubleshooting
If of the of the the as shown below to release the then Troubleshooting If of the the the the shown. If necessary, the ejecting as shown below to release the
the the top cover of the ADF. Troubleshooting
Optional Network Card You Scan the Optional Network Card the IP optional Network Card. the that with Uninstalling Scanning Software You to and then software to or operating Uninstalling EPSON Scan Follow the instructions the section operating to EPSON Scan. The this section XP They from the operating To XP or to as with account XP) or as user who to the Troubleshooting
Turn off the its the USB from the and the or XP) or the 98SE, or Click EPSON Scan the of currently and Change/Remove XP or or or 98SE). the appears, Follow the instructions to EPSON Scan. appear to to the If to selected and Troubleshooting
OS the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM the EPSON Scan Double-click the EPSON Scan the The appears. Select Uninstall from the pull-down the top and the Uninstall Troubleshooting If the Authorization the the and OK and
Uninstalling the On-Screen If to this on-screen follow the operating To XP or to as with account XP) or as who to the Turn off the its Disconnect the USB from the and the or XP) or the 98SE, or Click GT2500 the of currently and Change/Remove XP or or or 98SE). the appears, Follow the on-screen instructions to the OS the following and the Trash: The the GT2500 The GT2500 the Troubleshooting
Where To Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information If and to the the Where To
Contacting Customer Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with Where To
Technical Specifications the these sections with to which type of interface Then the section below. USB Microsoft XP Edition or Professional, or Professional Interface USB A) built the board SVGA or higher USB backward-compatible with USB Technical Specifications from 98SE, or the software.) USB Microsoft used. (High Color) or higher and tone to the of including the and software.
USB to which type of interface Then the section below. USB Microsoft XP Edition or Professional, 98SE, or Professional from the software.) The USB interface Interface USB A) built the SVGA or higher (High Color) or higher and tone to the of including the and software. PowerPC-based OS or Switching OS supported. Intel-based with EPSON Scan Universal Interface USB with or higher, and or and tone to the of including the and software. Specifications
USB backward-compatible with USB EPSON Scan the UNIX (UFS) OS X. You EPSON Scan or that UFS. USB OS or Interface USB with or higher, and or EPSON Scan the UNIX (UFS) OS X. You EPSON Scan or that UFS. Technical Specifications Switching OS supported. and to the of including the and software.
Specifications Specifications to without type Photoelectric CCD Effective inches) A4 or US ADF input ADF Face-down of ADF capacity thickness inches) and Scanning with to and Scanning B/W: msec Color: msec internal Interfaces One USB One optional Light White cathode Technical Specifications
Mechanical Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Approximately the the AC or the back of the information. DC to Rated DC Rated operating stand-by AC Rated input AC to AC to Rated input Rated to Rated DC Rated Technical Specifications A371B A311E
Interfaces USB Interface Optional Interface to C to F) (when with ADF: to C to F)) to C to F) Humidity to without (when with ADF: to to without Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, near strong light or Interface type Revision second) and second) of Universal Specification Revision Connector type One Connector type DC to DC to option Network Card Technical Specifications
and U.S. EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class AC U.S. UL CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC EN55022 Class EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN55024 Technical Specifications
Australian AS/NZS EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class Technical Specifications