D. K. Sign-off: Cover ERROR light screw READY light interface SCSI interface switch option interface SCSI ID switch OPERATE RESET OPERATE light AC cover-1 cover-2
COLOR IMAGE SCANNER rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. of Apple Computer, Inc. of Newsoft. Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, DR A5
DR A5 of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Product GT-12000 G650A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
DR D. A5 K. Sign-off: Introduction The EPSON GT-12000 with A3 or US It the to or from to It high reading and The GT-12000 offers the following features: or scanning. scanning, to to Scanning of You the to match the of (AAS) with the to text from photographs that and text Text This text when character (OCR) scanning. interfaces, bidirectional and SCSI. these interfaces, to the the Higher with EPSON TWAIN option, which from Introduction
DR A5 The EPSON TWAIN software of advanced features. Software of Software commands with the EPSON GT-12000 The following optional items to the of information the of these the that with the Bidirectional Interface (B80818 This board the and IBM PC/AT or computers. and of this the that with the board. interface purchased separately. (B81311 This option character (OCR) scanning. The allows to to automatically. You then them as typed them yourself. Transparency Unit (B81310 This option allows to and black-and-white It reading of which allows to to A3 or US SCSI to (B860081) This SCSI and Apple Introduction
SCSI to (B860091) This SCSI Interface the interface, to interface to the to choose shielded to This Chapter the information about and to to this first. Chapter Scanning information the of Chapter information about and options. Chapter Troubleshooting and information and There section to this chapter. information. information. information scanning, the software that with the Additionally, necessary. DR A5 Introduction
DR A5 and Notes to to to Notes information and the operation of United information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The and to the the which with the or with the earth Introduction
The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or only with of the and Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. DR A5 Introduction
DR A5 If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. enough to the or workstation the to reach both the where easily the cord. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Introduction
D. K. Sign-off: the Choosing the Releasing the Transportation Screw the Connecting the to Connecting the to interface SCSI interfaces the Software DR A5 Chapter the
DR A5 Chapter Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. Allow the the and to the where easily the cord. allow the that the cover. the from high and humidity. using or the to of and humidity. the from sunlight and light to and the
Releasing the Transportation Screw the to release the screw. the with the facing Turn the screw to the or as shown below. You to the screw to the or the DR A5 Chapter the
DR A5 Chapter the the to the the of the and the other properly grounded outlet as shown below. There of this and to the If the the back of the the country, If of the lights the OPERATE to the off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back turning it and off the the
the that the operating properly to the cover the of the Turn the the OPERATE While the initializes, the the flash. If the the (the of the to the the completed its the READY light If the as off. that the and that released the screw, then DR A5 Chapter the
DR A5 Chapter Connecting the to both bidirectional interface and SCSI interface. You both of interface to the the The switches to the interface. PC, of the following: the to the bidirectional interface shielded, twisted-pair interface bidirectional interface necessary. IBM PS/2 and other built-in bidirectional interfaces. You to these the built-in interface the to the SCSI interface. SCSI interface necessary. the to built-in SCSI To interface correctly, to the or both. The following sections to and each type of interface. the
Connecting the to interface The bidirectional interface bidirectional interface computers specifications to its built-in interface bidirectional. shielded interface that both the and turned off. the of the to the then the screws the of the the of the the interface Then the together they both DR A5 Chapter the
DR A5 SCSI interfaces first SCSI Then follow the below to and built-in SCSI to SCSI board. Follow the below to the to PC or SCSI The SCSI interface allows to to including the what the first SCSI connected to the each of the other connected to the Each SCSI ID the and each of the other and Also, the first and the the including the other or turned off. The SCSI and built-in that turned or off. If the directly to the Macintosh, SCSI with the and the other the If the to another SCSI SCSI with both the
SCSI ID The factory-set SCSI ID of the The ID If to the to which of SCSI already SCSI ID of the ID of the to as below. the SCSI ID switch the of the To the SCSI ID, the to the DR A5 Chapter the SCSI ID to ID that already assigned to another The and other function properly. the
DR A5 Chapter The built-in If the the SCSI to or the the the internal SCSI It the switch If the the of the switch off. the
Connecting the to or another SCSI the as follows: that the the and other SCSI turned off and from the the of the to the top or SCSI of the then the together they both the other of the to the SCSI of or another SCSI The SCSI of the the with the SCSI If connecting the to SCSI other than the with both the of and other SCSI turn the and other SCSI DR A5 Chapter the
DR A5 Chapter Follow these instructions each and SCSI If the and other SCSI to seconds; then the If the (which should first the and other SCSI to seconds; then the SCSI the of the off them. the Software that connected the to the thing to software. Follow the instructions the EPSON TWAIN Then Chapter first the software, GT-12000 with the software which and when using the instructions. the
D. K. Sign-off: Chapter Lights and Scanning the the DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter Lights and The three lights and buttons. OPERATE light when the READY light when the ready to This light flashes scanning. the of this light and the ERROR light the type of as shown the the ERROR light (red) when with the READY light, this light the type of OPERATE the and off. RESET the to operating READY light ERROR light OPERATE light OPERATE RESET
Pressing the the and the software. The connected to the and the with the bidirectional interface turned If the operating and the READY and ERROR lights the type of the of ERROR light READY light type On On Command Flashing Interface Flashing Flashing Option DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter Scanning to the rights of copyright owners. published or without first the copyright Turn the the OPERATE The OPERATE light Turn the and that the READY light the cover.
the the with the to that the the top-left (when facing the of the cover). the cover that the DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter that the the that the properly focused. to the cover. This interference from light. the clean. Troubleshooting and Chapter information cleaning the photographs the of they to the heavy top of the the software, and to the Scanning With Software, of the EPSON TWAIN Removing the thick or other the cover. To this, the back of the cover the and straight
with the cover cover of the to interference from light. force the cover off the or the from front of the cover This to the cover. the cover straight the back of clicks DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the everything shown below, reading this section. the operation, the of the slightly as from to another. This and include to this This with the which allows to to the of the to the process. There to the as the following If to when scanning, or both to the
the the screw through the The screws the and the screws the right the the with the the screw the the the right (when facing the of the cover). DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the and or the with the this every to to another. the cover and to the software You the to the below, which helpful that or using the The below the the to the
the with the to facing the to the the to the this every to to another. the the screw through the The screws the and the screws the right DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter Turn the and the with the the screw the the the right and the cover and to the software If the appears the screwdriver to the of the
The third, and to the below. This the the screw through the The screws the and the screws the right the the with the the screw the the the right (when facing the of the cover). DR A5
DR A5 Chapter EPSON TWAIN as software the following and Source: Destination: Scan the to include the and B, and
the to match its with the of the Click the Scan the of the the the of the should match exactly. If both the to to the match DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the of the of the Every of the that to mathematical Then the the following The B) If then the If then the The to the Turn the arrow the to the indicated the the To this to EPSON recommends the reference.
the the clear the with the the screw the the the right when facing the of the cover. DR A5
DR A5 Chapter the clear with the to facing the top of with the the screw the the the when facing the of the cover.
with the the the to the to the this every to to another. the DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Turn the clear and the with the the screw the the the right and the and to the software
D. K. Sign-off: Chapter The Transparency Unit Unpacking the Transparency Unit the Transparency Unit the and reflective and the of the The Unpacking the the the software Loading the Scanning from the Fixing the specifications DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter information the Transparency Unit, the following. information the The Transparency Unit The Transparency Unit (B81310 EPSON owners to of or and You reflective with the Transparency Unit Unpacking the Transparency Unit first the that the following items included. EPSON anything or
the screw To screw attached to the Transparency Unit. this screw to the Transparency Unit. Turn the the both screws as shown below. the screws the the of the as shown below. If screw outer while the Transparency Unit, the DR A5
DR A5 the the Transparency Unit and the screws the outer, If the assembly its the screws. If this the the to the the and the the assembly then to its Then off the and the Transparency Unit. the Transparency Unit Follow the below to the Transparency Unit. the turned off and the from the the cover from the holding the cover the and the back of the straight
the of the with the of the and then the securely the with the the the Transparency Unit. the Transparency Units to the option the back of the heavy the Transparency Unit; otherwise the DR A5
DR A5 Chapter the Follow the below to the which to of the and to the Transparency Unit. the and the the arrow directly the of the These the as the with the to them they already the the as shown below. f-002a
To or of or the following section. To To with the installed, the and reflective and reflective included with this To the or the section the following You easily of or and inch the information the to with the Transparency Unit DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the of the Transparency Unit, the and the the mounting with cloth software the of the Transparency Unit. Loading the as shown below. this the the the the with the notch the as shown below.
Loading of or the and cover. of the DR A5 Chapter L400
DR A5 the cover that through the the the and with the notch the as shown below. Loading the and cover.
the the the cover. through the the the and with the notch the as shown below. DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter Loading the and cover. the the the cover. through the
the the with the notch the as shown below. Loading with the Unit To with the Transparency Unit the reflective included with this as below. the Transparency Unit and the from the necessary. the and the the the Transparency Unit. DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the and the Transparency Unit. To the reflective and of the the Transparency Unit. and To or that than the the the or directly the and with the notch the as shown below. The If the reflective the Transparency Unit, the Transparency Unit.
the completely closed; otherwise, option and the If appears when The phenomenon where appear Newtons This when thin such as or If this phenomenon the This the of Newtons the of the If that the of turning the to the of the The and should the and the of the to scanned. You to with this to the If with the the information to precisely the DR A5
DR A5 The The (B81311 allows to This OCR character scanning, or creating the first the that the following items included. EPSON or
the the that: The to The should clear the around the Follow the below to the EPSON turned off, and the cover holding the cover the and the back of the cover straight DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the screws that with the the the back of the and them as shown below. the that with the the
the screws with the of the the of the the screws. The heavy, to the to the of the screws. DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the to the option interface. off the from the and from the which with the Then the and to the as shown below. the
the software The software that with the GT-12000 with and including software of the that both of the To the software: the CD-ROM the CD-ROM and and Then type D:\SETUP.EXE and the Follow the on-screen instructions to installation. the CD-ROM the CD-ROM and the Follow the on-screen instructions to installation. about from the Loading the to sheets of the following (based of and thickness of or Direction A3, LD, B4, A4, B5, A5, A4, B5, A5 the software that with GT-12000 Follow the below to the DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the the to the the the that the to Then the to match the of If (meaning the top and shorter than the the with the to the path.
If the top and than the the with the to the feed path. the of to If the the feed from the To both of the EPSON TWAIN DR A5
DR A5 Loading manually You manually when the To manually, the and the the Then the and the as the while option and feeding the scanning or the Scanning from the The instructions Scanning to or or Scanning only of to of or Scanning You to the when or The and the whole Follow the below to or the as the software and from the
the of using the that with the software. EPSON TWAIN and the Scan of the EPSON TWAIN EPSON TWAIN Then Scan Scanning of To or of follow the below. the as than when of otherwise the properly. the software and from the Click The around to the of the to the that If necessary, to of the Chapter of the EPSON TWAIN information and EPSON TWAIN the the and the the of the that with the software. DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter EPSON TWAIN and the Scan Chapter of the EPSON TWAIN EPSON TWAIN Click Scan to or Scan to Fixing the If first the cover, then where the occured.
If the the cover and the of the to too otherwise the tear, to If the the cover and the of the to too otherwise the tear, to DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter the the cover and the turning off and the of the If too high or when using the the the If the of the If the feed to the the the clockwise to higher The
If the of the If the the the the counterclockwise to The This when the or the properly the the as this Direction A3, LD, B4, A4, B5, A5, A4, B5, A5 to C, to RH to the operating to C, to RH) quality: High-quality or thermal type: with or DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter of the following feeding the The or and attached to The or other attached that the The than to its The or bound. The coating. The areas. Other feed photographic sheets or artwork this or high-quality or halftone recommended the and individually.
D. K. Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting and the type of lights and the the the Recommended RAM and boards software DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter the type of The while using the often the of software and the following Incorrect of the interface selection of the functions Incorrect of or software Incorrect operation of software If the lights and the below to what of Then the section below the to the to the If the information the section below the the and the that with software, and lights If the operating and the READY and ERROR lights the type of ERROR light READY light type On On Command Flashing Interface Flashing Flashing Option Troubleshooting and
Command The incorrect commands from software. If this type of to the The to when commands. Normally to the Interface The interface or the properly connected to the If this type of the interface Then the RESET or the off and back This of the following One or to replaced. The released. The There such as cover, with the optional or the optional that the released and then the RESET If the properly, turning the off and then back If the properly, or this repeatedly, DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Option This such as with option. options and necessary. and The OPERATE light the correctly the and the The READY light the correctly connected to the and that the turned The scanning. that selected the interface and with software. the interface properly If using the SCSI interface, that the and SCSI ID correctly If other boards that they with the of the interface board Troubleshooting and
The software properly. correctly software. that the such as the operating specified software. Also, that software this of and that correctly the software. software Confirm that the enough memory software. If other software the RAM or the enough memory software and The or that the the You the scanning. the of the and while the that the or of the or of the warped, or with the the heavy the DR A5 Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter The of the from the The around the If of the the to that the to within the or the of the If the thick or the the of the the of the with to light. If of the the that with the the of the The or of that the the the brightness software The too the brightness with software. the brightness and of Troubleshooting and
Straight the The the that the and with the the top and of the The the as the of using software. software and features, or these of software correctly software and If scanned-image software, the software read. that the the type of to software of the If this only, or its head malfunctioning. If this both and the malfunctioning. halftoning used, textured of appear of This the of the DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Colors from those the the software, correction, and correction. of these the matching and of and software. the to software and matching of The reason this software and information matching and Printed from those the of The reason this software or The or than the the software to the the of the to the The printed, the or the that the properly connected with the and correctly Troubleshooting and
that software properly and software the To operating its should cleaning, the Clean the with If the of the dirty, with cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to- amount of cloth to off with cloth. that there the of the white to scratch or the of the and or to clean the thinner or to the These chemicals the as as the to the or This permanently the and the the DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 the The of the If the or become too to normally, the and both the READY and ERROR lights flash. this the assembly replaced. the of the If think repairs or necessary, Transporting the If to the or follow the below to the Turn the and the to the (the of the when facing the of the cover). Then off the the screw to the to the Troubleshooting and
If the the to the If the right of the (when facing the of the cover) and the to the of the Then the screw to the Recommended satisified with the of the or with the of processing, this section. While further information, or RAM and Scanned memory than text RAM Access Memory) and than previously. boards to memory, to than ones. Therefore, to to DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 that text enough graphic If to You or of to the highest The of of affects the of the high first the right software to or they to MB MB software and them with of or quality; others the exactly the as the The the and however, Troubleshooting and
D. K. Sign-off: Technical Specifications Specifications A-2 Scanning A-2 A-3 A-4 A-4 Source A-5 interface A-5 SCSI interface A-6 A-7 DR A5 Technical Specifications A-1
DR A5 Specifications Scanning type: Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective inches inches) A3 or US (The reading specified from the software.) Scanning to interpolated the software RGB CCD Reading (R, G, B) to in/out Brightness: threshold Text Interface: Bidirectional and SCSI Light cathode Reliability: of MCBF) Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) A-2 Technical Specifications
Approx. AC to AC to Rated to to Rated 60W, with optional the the back of the the of DR A5 Technical Specifications A-3
DR A5 Operation C to C to F) C to C to F) Humidity: to without to without Ordinary office or should sunlight or light should Specifications to without 120V UL CSA C22.2 220-240V EN (VDE) EN Deviation (NEMKO) EMC: 120V FCC CSA C108.8 220-240V EN55022 (CISPR EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC A-4 Technical Specifications
Source Reflective type: with smooth Transparency type: Negative (Optional required.) interface Interface type: Bidirectional interface Synchronization: ACKNLG and BUSY Input/output and interface TTL type Connector type: Connector DR A5 Specifications A-5
DR A5 SCSI interface Interface type: ANSI X3T9.2/375R Revision 10L (SCSI) BUS FREE phase ARBITRATION phase SELECTION/RESELECTION phase COMMAND phase Unit to and function supported.) DATA phase phase phase STATUS phase MESSAGE phase MESSAGE IN phase MESSAGE OUT phase ATTENTION RESET TTL ANSI X3T9.2/375R Revision 10L (SCSI) ID from to Connector type: Connector A-6 Technical Specifications
The to of the following The turned The INIT from the interface: LOW. The SCSI from the SCSI interface. Software the ESC the Software command. The SCSI DR A5 Technical Specifications A-7
DR A5 A-8 Technical Specifications
Sign-off: Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland B-2 Australian B-4 B-5 B-6 B-5 A5 Contacting Customer B-1
A5 If operating properly and with the troubleshooting information this and services to to the information indicated below. of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About the the of NT and of software normally with United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical customers the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The the UK or from the of Ireland, and the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from Where to purchase EPSON and options B-2 Contacting Customer
Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found service, Service or World below service and the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To using touch-tone You to follow to and once and numbers, of the to found the that the and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service the Service the and membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). A5 Contacting Customer B-3
A5 World If to the and Browser, World information the EPSON products, software and to Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to B-4 Contacting Customer
EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below: To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World A5 Contacting Customer B-5
A5 board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: B-6 Contacting Customer
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA Phone: EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. October