Printed with least
Concerning of Copyrighted photocopiers, copying of copyrighted Although Section of the U.S. Copyright of United States the copying those as broad as people the of knowledgeable attorney, and published without the of the copyright Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation.
Introduction This everything professional and processing: EPSON Station (ES-300GS) which to and includes built-in and attachable business SCSI the Apple Macintosh, software creation and character (OCR), and This software to existing and applications. To or of the following and to STF MS PRO or LITE CE Software Other supported; the release that with software Started
and Memory This to the software, and instructions, the the ES-300GS and the and the the and software to properly, include the following Apple or with or Apple software or higher 8MB or of RAM; 4MB of RAM At least 25MB of recommended archiving Started
the Follow the below to the and to the SCSI or to another SCSI The SCSI included with the and the other. the of its and with the facing the the cover and from the cover. Turn off and other peripheral The turned off when the of the switch the The SCSI ID If to the to another SCSI ID, the or to the SCSI the the assigned to another Started to the that and other turned off
The SCSI to ON the factory. If the the or the SCSI the this If the the or the of the switch OFF the to the SCSI the and the screws each Started
If the directly to the the of the to the SCSI the Macintosh; this Tighten the screws the of the Started If connecting the to another SCSI the the to the SCSI
the to the the of the and the other grounded the cover. Turn the the of the switch, which the back of the The light the top right of the The Ready light flashes while the Started
Turn other the the turning the the Software the software to of turned off and then follow these to the Turn the as to off its and protection Release the when the to off the (If the appear, the Double-click the the Click to the Click to installation. Click Started The light when the flashes and then once the
Scanning Click Follow the the to the and (Once the installation, floating appear This the background The the shows the of software information. ready to built-in instructions the attachable business ES-300GS the rights of the copyright published without the copyright to (You to the the and weight. or other from the Scanning that such as or the and the the cover. Started
the to the operating as shown below. the of then the the with the to facing and the as shown. Started
Click to search archived the to the of the The the first of to the If currently first that the Ready light Then the and the The following floating appears. the automatically. While the the to the following: The displays the the Scan the text the or From this straighten, or of the further. the of Started
To the and type You the clicking the selecting from the Another option to or the clicking the or that appears the Action the of the software offers of and archiving information faxing, or The OCR that text that Started the to the of You to the of information. To and to
Where to Services EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer and the following services when EPSON technical information Product and products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information the installation, and operation of EPSON products Customer relations. You purchase and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software that technical information. If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the services below. Started
World If connected to the and World users to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON SM Corporate Info, and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chat To with EPSON around the world, EPSON includes information EPSON EPSON FTP If to the and FTP and from FTP FTP or to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Service You the EPSON technical information or To information, EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to with parity, and to software information. Started
EPSON CompuServe CompuServe the America CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON the to reach the currently free introductiory membership as of EPSON This membership introductory credit CompuServe ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe Started