GT-15000
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and and CCD of Corporation. and and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-17264R2 Copyright Notice
The GT-15000 professional that and business users. II the text and with and Its and 17-inch incredibly from practically About GT-15000 includes features: and text and high-quality with of and thousands of of Scan through quickly, with and to to and optional from to USB and SCSI interfaces, optional Network or IEEE interface or users. the and immediately. If the the back to workstation. EPSON Scan software Includes software character and editing.
About Software The Software CD-ROM includes these software applications: EPSON Scan photographs, artwork, or text Character (OCR). Includes and three of ISIS The and Interface Specification (ISIS) converting, and ABBYY easy-to-use OCR that and the text to or spreadsheet You RTF, TXT, or PDF ScanSoft this leading software to and then and them from Photoshop CD-ROM. This State-of-the-art software high-quality and the It sophisticated, easy-to-use correcting and Photoshop Microsoft or Service or Welcome
More Information There to learn about GT-15000 to this where to GT-15000 Reference the Reference instructions EPSON Scan, and information about The Reference when the software. To the GT-15000 Reference (or or EPSON GT-15000 Reference On-Screen information about of the software that with the or the and Photoshop include PDF If of these Where To Notes, and Please follow these as this Warning: to to to information about hints scanning.
Chapter Started This chapter the following procedures: the Turning the and off Connecting the to the software Unpacking the the from the and these items: the and from the the the Warning: The and heavy. You might to and USB Software CD-ROM Photoshop CD-ROM
Choosing the where to the follow these the If the cant properly. to the where easily the cord, grounded and where the interface reach the from sunlight and light to and or high or and humidity. theres enough the the and the the cover. inches or Started inches inches inches inches
Turning the On and Follow these to the the the back of the to the Unlock the turned off (the of the the AC the back of the and the other grounded Press the the front of the to The Ready light flashing. the Ready light then the to off. the section to the to and then the software as Ready light Transportation Started
Connecting the to Follow the instructions below to the to USB or SCSI interface. You optional interface the and these connecting to information about and the optional IEEE or Network Optional Connecting to USB Interface the off. the of the USB USB or USB the the USB correctly USB other than the or to USB Started
Connecting the to SCSI Interface to the SCSI to SCSI board and SCSI software Then follow these to the the off. If another SCSI that SCSI ID the SCSI ID switch the back of the to or connected the of SCSI the switch the back of the turned On the releases SCSI and SCSI the back of the the other of the to the SCSI Started
the Software You the software to to Follow these and off protection the OFF. If of the below, and off the You cant software that the GT-15000 Software CD. the the Software and You the Started
Click and follow instructions the to EPSON Scan and the other software This If XP, the to and this Click Follow the instructions the to Press the to the the CD and If to Photoshop the Photoshop CD-ROM and follow the on-screen instructions. (You XP or Service or to and the ready to instructions. Started
Started
To Scan The EPSON Scan software included with GT-15000 three to of the process: and It includes interface, and of Office Includes basic interface with Choose this to the optional Professional manually advanced including the histogram depth, brightness, and You EPSON Scan or from another such as or Photoshop This chapter instructions the following: the Scanning to with EPSON Scan Scanning with Scanning text editing (OCR) Scanning photographs with Photoshop Scanning with the button. Selecting the Scanning
This section to or the scanning. If the optional Scanning With the the cover and the of the You or the about inch of them the the slowly. to the If the of properly, inch from the of the You the cover to thick as bookthat the cover. the cover the and straight the cover, the with the positioning and the cover Warning: the cover, the This the from back the and possibly To Scan
Scanning to With EPSON Scan You the or function of such as or Photoshop to directly as this chapter. directly to EPSON Scan from or from the or the as Then follow these Double-click the EPSON Scan or or EPSON Scan EPSON Scan If prompted to choose Click EPSON GT-15000 and OK. Choose from the the top of the EPSON Scan of the three with the instructions Office Professional selecting the the chosen, Scan You the Click to to the Then type the the field, choose type, and OK the EPSON Scan on-screen To Scan
Scanning EPSON Scan and choose this Follow these to Click to of To Scan Select
Click the the to or and the to selection information Choose the EPSON Scan that Choose Grayscale of black-and-white or Black&White or art Choose Destination If to or Other and choose to or Select to reduce the Select Restoration to Click Brightness to the Brightness and and them as Click Scan then instructions To Scan
Scanning Office EPSON Scan and choose Office this Follow these to Click to of To Scan Select Office
Click the the to or and the to selection information of these the EPSON Scan as necessary: Select the or Black&White the Destination the Source (to ADF or to the Brightness and If to reduce the To the Unsharp Click Scan then instructions To Scan
Advanced Scanning Professional EPSON Scan and choose Professional this Click to of Click the the to or and the to selection information using the EPSON Scan choose the to or to Either Scan to or with the instructions the section to To Scan Select Professional
Scan Follow these to advanced Choose from the the highest Smoothing without photographs the highest of black-and-white or to halftone Black&White text or art Click to options, then choose or the Scanning Quality Choose to If to other than the from the pull-down You to options, then type the and height, or the with If to On to specified If to specified as closely as the to as necessary. (You to the to these options.) (the software and the with the specified to the Click the to off. Click this to the highlight, and input Correction Click this to choose tone or to the tone manually. Click this to the brightness, and To Scan
of the to back to the the EPSON Scan on-screen information about the The Unsharp option sharpens the and You Click to then choose to reduce or increase the To it off, the to the Select the option to reduce the To the scanning, to then choose the option to the (You to the to this photographs, Restoration to the Click Scan then instructions Scanning With The software included with and of You to and as with the of searching as as title. or the as Then follow these to with To or ScanSoft To Scan
You the with and Scan Click the Scan You these the of the Select EPSON GT-15000 and WIA-EPSON GT-15000 Click the Scan EPSON Scan Choose Office from the the top of the EPSON Scan If about closing the OK Scan To Scan
You the EPSON Scan Office Choose with with or and white Black&White text Click Click the the to or and the to selection information of these as necessary: the Brightness and If to reduce the the To the Unsharp Click the Scan scanned, then the You to or with information, the or the To Scan
Scanning Text Editing The ABBYY software included with to text the as Then follow these to text editing: To ABBYY or ABBYY You the with and buttons the top. Click the Scan&Read EPSON Scan Choose Office from the the top of the EPSON Scan You the EPSON Scan Office scanning, choose Black&White and the as shown. Click the Scan and the ABBYY Click the You Choose location, and of the following types: editing Microsoft Word. that text that Scan To Scan
You the arrow to the and choose to the text to Microsoft Word or or information about ABBYY the the top of the or or ABBYY ABBYY Scanning Photographs With Photoshop Photoshop of editing, with and instructions the or the as Then follow these to with Photoshop Double-click the Photoshop You the Photoshop To Scan Click From Scratch
Click From Scratch Select from the and then EPSON GT-15000 EPSON Scan Choose the from the the top of the EPSON Scan (If to the Professional Click the to of Click the the to or and to selection information using If the the around thumbnail This allows to and them. If to of the arrow the the EPSON Scan and Normal from the Then the to To Scan
the EPSON Scan choose Photograph the Choose or Black&White the Choose Destination the the Other to specify Select to other than that of the Select the option to reduce the To the scanning, to then choose the option to the (You to the to this photographs, Restoration to the Click the Brightness to the Brightness and necessary. Click Scan If each individually. Click to EPSON Scan and with image(s) Photoshop information about using Photoshop the the top of the or the Started the Photoshop To Scan
Scanning With the You the to EPSON Scan, and then as below. the to and scanning. If the the to and the to instructions scanning, on-screen Reference or the as Then follow these to the Press the button. If or EPSON Scan and ready to If to the instructions the If XP, this Select the to To the whenever the this this action. Click OK If to the the the following. the and the right-click EPSON GT-15000 and Click the and choose the Actions the the to To Scan
the or EPSON Scan when the If to instead, follow these Click Double-click the and If using or from the of and If right-click the EPSON GT-15000 and Select the You the the right: selected Click the the the to clear the checkboxes the other applications. If to choose from when the Click Apply then OK To Scan
Selecting the Scanning the The the of that to with that around the You to The currently selected EPSON Scan the to each selected To around the (and the the To the to and the appears around the selection. To the the to its the and the to Currently selected To Scan
To the the to or of the the arrow and to the selection To to the selected the If the currently selected appears the To the and the To of the then the To selected once, the Scanning the factors, including the of and the select. The the To the the clean, and the the You corrections scanning software. retouching, editing such as Photoshop Selecting to inch or The the type of and output If to the its To photographs or OCR software of to If to choose To Scan
Follow the this selecting of Photograph Text with art to to Text OCR Newspaper Scaling If to to higher If the or this when that to Scanning If the match those with the Type/Image and to the Also, selecting the that to with This the software choose the and that of the If there around or the cover the this the and How To Scan
To Scan
Chapter Optional Three options the GT-15000: (B813212) IEEE interface (B808342) Network interface (B12B808393) You purchase these from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON You purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Follow the instructions this chapter to: Unpack and the Scan with the the the IEEE interface the Network
The (B813212) allows to and You to or two-sided. the the shown below. If items or or the United States) or Warning: The and heavy. to and Although the with four the to to the (The other another Optional Screws Screwdriver
the turned off and the the cover, then the back of the cover and off the Warning: the cover, the This the from back the and possibly the and of the to the as shown the right: the screws the the back of the then tighten the screws with the screwdriver that with the Optional
the screws with the the Then the the screws. the below the the the the back of the Warning: the the to the of the screws the screwdriver. the of the the back of the the to the ADF and the screws. Optional
the switch the of the the as shown. Then the Once the attached, the cord, the and the If the SCSI to the Scanning With the to You or or You the only. Follow these when with the the the the tears, coating, or other attachments. the the and or artwork the These should individually the Optional
Follow these to the the the first, Dont the the or the the touches the of Scan Follow these to EPSON Scan: Select the Office from the Select or ADF-Double-sided as the Source. If to of the the first only. Click the The first ejected. the the then Scan the the the each Optional
You the and the Select as the Source EPSON Scan. to the scanning. If while scanning, Fixing If the follow these to clear the and where the occurred. If the the the cover. If the the right, the right cover. the of the to tear the If tears, the and as shown: the the covers and the the light off and the Ready light isnt flashing trying to Right Optional
If the isnt cleared, off and then Also, EPSON Scan. Dont EPSON Scan the Ready light flashing. If to or the ready, EPSON Scan responding. If this the IEEE Interface Card The IEEE interface (B808342) offers high-speed and connectivity It of and allows to IEEE The and included shown the right: To the IEEE interface the following: IEEE or IEEE PCI Pre-installed of XP, Professional, or Follow these to the IEEE and to Turn off the and the and Static electricity the IEEE interface To electricity, the the Optional
the screws the shield plate to the optional interface Then the the screws and shield plate to the shield Turn the that the facing and the optional interface the seated. the screws and the of the IEEE the IEEE the and the other IEEE Optional
the Network Card The Network (B12B808393) allows to without the The and the that the EPSON Scan software and from the GT-15000. information and using the GT-15000 Reference Follow these to the and to Turn off the and the and Static electricity the Network To electricity, the the the screws the shield to the optional interface Then the the screws and shield plate to the shield plate Turn the that the facing and the optional interface the seated. the screws and the Optional
To the the while holding the the about seconds. The and lights the the and lights turn off, then off the Ethernet to the the shielded twisted-pair the other of the to information the the Network Card that with the Lights Optional
Optional
Chapter To and performance, follow the instructions this chapter to and the Cleaning the Press the to the off, and the cord. cloth and to the Clean and from the with cloth microfiber cleaning cloth recommended). You the white to appear To grease, wipes. the cleaning. Dont or other the or This permanently them. or or cleaning to clean the the quality. thinner, or to the These chemicals the as as the Dont the and to the or This permanently them. the If think repairs or necessary, or the and servicing to service the or the the or the or the normally or performance.
Transporting the the when the or If the from the and the cover. Warning: the Turn the and the to the Then off the the the back of the to the the or with enough to the the its or with enough to the Transportation
Chapter This chapter to the from lights, and basic and It to software and to the section to what the of might Then these sections Software Quality Uninstalling and EPSON Scan Where To Its to to software. and to there software free of charge, downloading to Download instructions
You the lights, as this section. If the and Light Ready light or The Ready light when the ready to It flashes when light Theres with the Ready light off. to both the and and then If this try If USB the USB that with If SCSI or reconnecting the and Ready The incorrect from lights both software. and Ready connected to then lights both off. the and Ready lights both flashing. light Ready light If the Ready light there with the or the cover the cover or closed. If the loaded, and that the the back of the to Unlock If the then off and back If this the as
and troubleshooting scanning, or the from The Ready light or flashes. The Ready light flashes when If to finish. the securely the and the and that the turned If the or off, trying to that the and the If the and both the Ready and lights off, the closed. Turn off the then the to the ADF the back of the Turn the back and If the loaded, and If the as If the SCSI the SCSI ID and If the SCSI ID switch the back of the the off and then Then You when to If USB the that with the using USB If to USB it directly to the USB
the the If or or the appears as Unknown the Uninstall and EPSON Scan as If SCSI off both and Then turn the If SCSI SCSI board correctly. the the to the SCSI listed. If the SCSI board found the the switch and SCSI ID switch the back of the the SCSI ID with another SCSI the the of SCSI the switch should to ON If SCSI or the SCSI ID, to and software. the instructions Check IRQ conflicts with built-in If purchased the IEEE interface as option, that it correctly. If using the EPSON Scan operation. If and software as If the the of the the back of the The the ready to the Ready light flashing and If to or the ready, EPSON Scan responding. If this the the Unlock the the If there Unknown and
If using software Photoshop or EPSON GT-15000 as or the SCSI ID switch the back of the to the and that to that with other SCSI If the SCSI ID switch, the off and then Then enough memory to If or high or of the to If to RAM. If SCSI ZIP with the ZIP then If the optional EPSON Scan Office or Professional and or as the Source. Also, the that the located. selected the EPSON Scan. You cant or least inch the scanning. the the following the instructions The when the the the action or selected.
Software EPSON Scan properly. the the memory. If other software the or the enough memory. software and software installation. that software correctly and If software, then You cant ADF as the Source (Office or Professional the optional correctly and securely to the ADF the back of the If to or turning the off then back You cant then Quality or of Decrease the brightness EPSON Scan Office or Select Professional and the the Professional and the the the of If the or these imperfections the the
or distorted. the and of the If of the of or warped. the clean. the scanning. the The of the scanned. Dont right the of the the about of inch from the If or the of the the too thick, or there light with the If scanning without the cover, the of the to light.
the of It the the and with the the top and of the Straight the the with the the top and of the too Increase the brightness EPSON Scan Office or Select Professional and the the Select Professional and the the of and EPSON Scan. Click the the of the then the the Destination the or Office of from the of from the the malfunctioned. of from malfunctioned.
The from the the the EPSON Scan correct. of and EPSON Scan. Click the the of the then the software and information matching and (cross-hatch) appear the the slightly EPSON Scan, the If Professional to to this Professional the to the the and the to the slightly. Reposition the the positioning the The or than the You cant the of the what The software the of the the EPSON Scan. The or only the the the If the the Select Black&White the and the Threshold The too or of the character OCR scanning. the Threshold
Uninstalling and EPSON Scan If other and try and the software. Turn off the and from the Double-click the or the Select EPSON Scan and the Change/Remove (or Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If prompting to the to and Follow the instructions to software. Where To If with EPSON Scan or the information the section below. If with other software, Technical these technical services: Service and to You and and troubleshooting or with Automated Telephone Automated services hours tone telephone, SoundAdvice to GT-15000 information. SM
to Representative please the following information ready: Product GT-15000) Product (located the back of of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Other Software Technical Software Telephone and Photoshop ABBYY ScanSoft AM to PM to AM to PM Eastern to www.adobe.com/support www.scansoft.com/
Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective (the reading specified from software) with The of achieved interpolated Color: art: RGB CCD Reading (R, G, B) (R, G, B) to Command ESC/I-B7 FS input, to Brightness art threshold TET (Text
halftoning AAS (A, B, and C) dither (A, B, C, and D) and dither correction CRT type correction type CRT and type Interfaces SCSI pitch USB IEEE optional 10Base-T/100Base-TX, optional Light cathode of MCBF) Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches Approximately to VAC: to VAC to VAC: to VAC Specifications Rated to Rated to VAC: to VAC: Approximately with ADF to F to C) to F to F to C) (without to to Ordinary office or sunlight, and to light Safety: UL CSA C22.2 EN EMC: FCC CSA C108.8 EN (CISPR Class AS/NZS Safety: EN EMC: EN B, EN
SCSI Interface Interface type ANSI X3T9.2/375R Revision 10L (SCSI ID from to Connector type pitch USB Interface Interface type Universal Specification Revision and High of Revision Connector type One B) IEEE Interface type IEEE Synchronization Clock synchronization with Compatible IEEE from with function with to F to C) to F to C) (without to to ADF Connector Interface type with the optional (B813212) to VDC to VDC V) V) Specifications
SCSI interface Hardware: Initialized when the turned or the SCSI from the SCSI interface Software: when the software the the command), or the SCSI USB Hardware: when the turned or the USB the USB the Software: when the software the command or the from the USB interface Specifications (B813212) input/output thickness inches MCBF) Width: inches Depth: inches inches to VDC to VDC V: V:
and Notices The below. performance, and memory recommended. If high than the and tone reproduction to the of including the and software. the these products Microsoft Windows-compatible PC with or recommended or XP USB Professional, or XP SCSI SCSI, USB, or IEEE XP, or only) 128MB RAM (256MB RAM recommended 300MB CD-ROM SVGA with with of recommended)
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. Dont the cloth or cleaning to from the the or or heat the that with this This with this only. of another (or of this with other fire or shock. the type of indicated the supply directly from with the AC that to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If cord, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or Warning The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: J151A Product: GT-15000 Warranty Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc., warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer You the to the service location. its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or and Notices
refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed, or This warranty This warranty cover third or peripheral to the its from boards, or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA and Notices
and Notices