EPSON ACTION SCANNER Started Printed with least II
Concerning of Copyrighted photocopiers, copying of copyrighted Although Section of the U.S. Copyright of United States the copying those as broad as people the of knowledgeable attorney, and published without the of the copyright Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. ActionScanner of America, Inc. Other and of their respective EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. California, USA
This everything professional scanning: This to the software, and If information scanning, the the ActionScanner II, EPSON Scanning and EPSON ActionScanner II which or inch) Bidirectional interface which interface Bidirectional EPSON Scanning (EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN), which the of and the advanced features with software that the industry TWAIN interface image-editing, character (OCR), and that and and the of
and Memory the and software to properly, include the following below or Microsoft 386-based (or higher) IBM or IBM PS/2 MS-DOS or higher Microsoft 3.5-inch, high-density At least 100MB of and 8MB of RAM 8MB to 16MB of memory of which Microsoft 8MB the amount of RAM; graphics and efficiently with RAM. or other Graphics (VGA) or other or built-in interface least highquality, or interface with the or interface
386-based (or higher) IBM or IBM PS/2 MS-DOS or higher Microsoft 3.5-inch, high-density At least 100MB of and 8MB of RAM or other Graphics (VGA) or other or built-in interface least highquality, or interface with the or interface 8MB the amount of RAM; graphics and efficiently with RAM.
the Card Follow the this section to the bidirectional interface You to the with built-in bidirectional interface. You to the interface built-in interface that currently If the to existing interface, to the and bidirectional interfaces the differently. with interface, to bidirectional interface the to the Card The interface that the (LPT1 or LPT2) and (IRQ5 or IRQ7) You to the there with information about the and its The bidirectional interface Cl LPT2 Cl IRQ5. LPT1 and IRQ it LPT2 or IRQ5, follow the this section to the interface
the interface from its holding its top Then clean touching the or the the they electricity. and J2 the interface as shown below. The the board to the To off the and the of to the
Follow these to the Turn off the and the from the outlet and from the back other including the the cover from If instructions, of the internal the to electricity. Choose option the interface You the the screw from the option cover and the cover. the screw to the interface to the the cover the interface the interface the straight the should the to the with the screw. the cover, the and the
the Follow these to the the of its and with the facing the the cover and the the cover. the round screw the of the and counterclockwise. If necessary, to the screw and the STOCK; screw
of the to the the rear of the and the other grounded outlet as shown below. If the when off the OPERATE Whenever off the least seconds turning back turning it and off the
Connecting the to the Follow these to the to and, to the Turn off and other peripheral the of the to the then the screws. the other of the to the interface and with the as shown. Turn the the OPERATE The OPERATE light the top right of the The READY light when the warmed Turn and other peripheral Then turn the the the that and other turned off the
LPT2 Follow these to LPT2 and then as necessary. Double-click the Double-click the Double-click the New Follow the instructions the to and LPT2 as finished detecting the the You the Click the Click the (COM LPT) option. You of Click (LPT2) the and then You the (LPT2) Click the necessary. the the to the Click OK. Then to the From the Down; then the to follow the the section to the EPSON Scanning
the EPSON Scanning The EPSON Scanning include EPSON Scan! II and EPSON TWAIN. Scan! TWAIN to and then and these of It and to nearly to the EPSON TWAIN of to advanced software that TWAIN. TWAIN industry from of without leaving Follow these to the EPSON Scanning or necessary. the EPSON Scanning If the and choose You the A: SETUP (or SETUP the B) the Command and choose OK. the Choose OK to If and the New and with If and then A: SETUP (or SETUP) from the pull-down necessary, and choose OK.
Choose OK to the which the the The the pathname of the directory. If the displayed correct, choose OK. the and directory.) The the to the EPSON the arrow the Interface Select as the interface type. The the ID, as shown below. the cover and the right of the Then the cover. Choose If the interface, and EPSON Scanning correctly, the the
Choose OK to the EPSON the EPSON and then Follow these to the software or or necessary. If CD-ROM the CD the If from the the the appears the EPSON as shown below. If the appear, choose and the
If the and choose You the A: SETUP (or B:SETUP, or D:SETUP, the Command and choose OK. If and then Select A: SETUP (or SETUP, or D: SETUP, from the pull-down necessary, and choose OK. You the Choose to the directory which the its type another directory and choose On the and then choose the and the and choose OK. The copying Follow the instructions the and as prompted from The group. the the and choose You ReadMe containing instructions the LE that with Follow these instructions to choose OK. At the choose OK and the from the (or the CD from the CD-ROM If the the group.
From the choose On the selected. Choose On the Select Source choose EPSON and Choose OK to the Select from the the each of the information Scanning ready to scanning. choose to The choice photograph. Printed such as those as as photographs of the the process. selecting or text to the rights of the copyright Dont published without first the copyright If and then Click the and then Select.
choose follow these to the cover the and the the the cover that the of the photograph the Select the or Choose Scan the You the EPSON TWAIN easy
Select Scan. TWAIN and then the the Choose to EPSON TWAIN. It Together Once and them together brochures, or of other Several factors closely reflects the when the The sections and EPSON Scan! II to the EPSON Scanning information other, sophisticated of
allows to match and that to the to than to them, when displayed than when printed. Also, each dramatically when EPSON Scan! II with and the of each of the process. The consists of: to Cl Exporting chart to Creating Scanning the These procedures the following to Follow these to to Select EPSON Scan! II the EPSON or Choose from the
the from and the the the intensity. Choose OK. follow these to EPSON TWAIN when to EPSON TWAIN. You this I- the below the. appear the From the choose to EPSON TWAIN. Choose Advanced. You the advanced TWAIN Select the Screen If to Choose OK.
Exporting chart To to to chart from Scan! II to and then If of these EPSON Scan! II to them: EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON XL using these Follow these to chart: Select Chart from the You the following the Format pull-down the. BMP necessary. itMywrpmer. EF-SOH the EPSON COLOR II EPSON
the field, type the to the chart such as COLORl.BMP. Choose OK to the chart. EPSON Scan! II. Select the from the or the chart exported. The chart of and three the chart within selecting from the the chart If than the chart each Creating Follow these to each EPSON Scan! II, necessary. the chart the of the Choose Profile from the the field, type the of the to such as the .CAL the field, type of the which created this chart, such as
Choose the EPSON TWAIN advanced If necessary, from the pull-down Select Profile the Destination Choose the Scan The the chart and this when Scanning Follow these to when Choose from the of EPSON Scan! II or choose Scan from the of You the EPSON TWAIN advanced (If the easy Advanced.) Choose the Destination the Destination If of the EPSON the the from the Destination pull-down The assigned automatically. to If created type the such as the Destination field. to From the pull-down the of the when the Choose
Choose OK. You the EPSON TWAIN advanced Select the Scan The the information the to the Selecting the Correct To the three factors: of Cl type CI and halftones than photographs. The the which to the This connected to or the of the the select. The high and causing or Generally, the higher the choose, the the that high betterquality the high information the other there higher than of. To the that
To the and based the the below. The inch or inch Recommended art or office or You EPSON TWAIN choosing the Destination the advanced the Destination the beneath the type to or then choose the that type from the pull-down information and the EPSON Scanning that know the basics, ready to scanning. information, the the and