rights of this reproduced, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchase or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON products or EPSON products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. ActionScanner of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc., California, USA Copyright Notice
Introduction The EPSON functions with EPSON The EPSON Scanning of integrated EPSON Scan! II and EFSON TWAIN. EPSON Scan! II with and to that closely match the It and then and them of EPSON TWAIN the interface of software and TWAIN easy and advanced. You from within software that the TWAIN or from EPSON Scan! II to of features. Scanning the following to and from within Automatically and and the Choose or and that of the with that (ADF) of the text built EPSON Introduction
the EPSON Scanning the top of the whether EPSON Scan! II or EPSON TWAIN. the EPSON Scanning to properly, least the following Introduction Apple or with or Apple software or higher At least 100MB of free and the of the 8ME3 of RAM; 4MB of RAM 8MB the amount of RAM; graphics and efficiently with least 12MB of RAM. with recommended) One of the following EPSON ES-300C, ES-600C, ES-800C, ES-1000C, ES-1200C, or the ActionScanner II. features or restricted of these
to This This information to and the EPSON Scanning with EPSON Chapter EPSON Scanning software. to this first. Chapter to information from within included Chapter while Chapter the of software. Chapter to EPSON Scan! II to Troubleshooting contained Chapter and the This includes that each and that terms. The section Tips, and Notes This displays information as follows: Notes information about these to to and should to operates correctly. helpful ideas these Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services when You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software the that technical information. services If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the services below. Introduction Technical information the installation, and operation of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products.
EPSON Service CompuServe You the EPSON Service (BBS) membership required. software to with and to the that with software information. To the TWAIN from the BBS, the library. CompuServe the America CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON the to reach the If currently free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe Introduction
Chapter Software EPSON Scanning with software that them easy to the software, that the SCSI interface connected properly and the SCSI ID and correctly; instructions. Then follow the instructions below to software. the Scanning Follow these to EPSON Scanning Double-click the the the Click OK to Turn the the while turning to turn off the EPSON Scanning If necessary, the the to the Software
To the To or then highlight the the and The copying the as prompted. Click to The EPSON Scan! II containing EPSON Scan! II and EPSON Scan! II It TWAIN within Preferences TWAIN EPSON TWAIN, the EPSON TWAIN EPSON Profiles, and the Source Software You the
Testing the Scanning the Scanning with the to everything correctly. Follow these the cover and the Then the cover. Double-click the EPSON Scan! II From the You the EPSON TWAIN easy Click Scan. the the EPSON Scan! II Untitled-l II. from within the first to EPSON TWAIN as instructions. If the to and the Software
Chapter the of match the and the This of the and to The and the both of red, and (RGB) and process). the other hand, combining (C), (M), yellow (Y), and (K) (CMYK) to the This process. the through both the and to colorthe first when scanned, and the when the match the the allows to and to that to those the the this chapter to: to to the when
to To to first to using EPSON Scan! II and then TWAIN. Performing Follow these to EPSON Scan! II the EPSON Scan! II Choose Screen from the You this the from and the the the intensity. Choose OK. If the the the increase the of displays, using the
If or Once to (the Follow these EPSON Scan! II, necessary. From the choose to EPSON TWAIN. You the EPSON TWAIN Click to the the EPSON turned If to Choose OK. the EPSON TWAIN TWAIN as this to If choose each of the that the closely match those the If the and Advanced it the easy Click Advanced to switch to the advanced If the and the advanced
If of these EPSON Scan! II to them: EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II EPSON COLOR these the Scanning If that EPSON using the instructions this section. To these operations: Exporting Chart Follow these EPSON Scan! II, necessary. Choose Chart from the chart from EPSON Scan! II to and Scan the chart to the EPSON EPSON XL
You the following From the Format pull-down software such as PICT. the as field, type the to the chart such as COLOR1. Click to the chart the EPSON Scan! II EPSON Scan! II. the chart created the EPSON Scan! II The chart appears the It of and three the chart You the assigned when the chart, or assign
the chart To than the chart each If to the service them the chart their You ready to the chart to Creating Profiles Follow these to each to EPSON Scan! II, necessary. the chart the of and the cover. Choose Profile from the when the charts to which them, write the chart the back of the If to that to service or to chart. You then that to
the field, type the of the to such as COLOR1 PRINTER. Click You the EPSON TWAIN (If the easy Advanced.) You the following If creating than instance, than to each distinguish them.
If necessary, choose from the pull-down Choose Profile from the Destination pull-down Click Scan. The the chart and You the EPSON Scan! II You the when as the section. Scanning If using of the such as of the EPSON or created that to Follow these to when Choose (or or the command) from the of or EPSON Scan! II. If choose TWAIN (and then EPSON TWAIN, necessary). You EPSON TWAIN advanced (If the easy Advanced.) If appears indicating that the specified incorrect, to the Destination options to their Click the Destination to the Destination then the and both the the clicking then choose Scan these
If choose TWAIN (and then EPSON TWAIN, necessary). You EPSON TWAIN (If the easy Advanced.) Click Destination to the Destination If of the EPSON the from the Destination pull-down The assigned automatically. to From the pull-down the assigned when created the such as COLOR1 PRINTER. Click Click OK. You the EPSON TWAIN advanced You or the as the chapter. If created type the such as COLOR1 PROFILE, the Destination field. to If the closely match the and and
Chapter From Within Applications from within EPSON TWAIN, follow these each of these this chapter. If to the and only to the the type, and the the easy If to or or or the advanced (To the features the Chapter Next: If TWAIN, EPSON Scan! II to and software Chapter formation. TWAIN from within Choose the easy or advanced TWAIN Select the type and the and the (advanced only) Scan the TWAIN and the From Within Applications
Accessing EPSON TWAIN To EPSON TWAIN, choose (or or the command) from the within You then to TWAIN (and then EPSON TWAIN) from TWAIN the easy or advanced which The easy allows to the type, and of with this and scanned. The advanced the as the easy allows to to, or these The and the of to From Within Applications
the The following the TWAIN easy Destination. You the option from each of these to Selecting the Source If optional (ADF) or Transparency Unit the option from the Source pull-down The following the Source options Source option Function the the easy and advanced TWAIN checkboxes selecting of or Scans the from the scanning) Scans from the Transparency Unit Transparency Unit From Within Applications Scans as they feed through the ADF
Selecting the To with satisfactory the type option. You of the following options from the pull-down Colors Black White Black White OCR If these options of their the type the the To option or existing the Advanced To OCR Character from both the and Destination pull-down the these options their the If that Text Text OCR instructions. Selecting the Destination You the to and You of the following options from the Destination Screen Thermal FAX OCR From Within Applications COLOR XL COLOR II COLOR Profile
If these options of their the the the To option or existing the Advanced To OCR Character from both the and Destination the these options their the If that Text Text OCR instructions. the Advanced Screen The advanced allows to the as the easy allows to options and the existing ones. the and information about the the To the Advanced from the easy necessary. Then the sections below to with or From Within Applications
To choose the You the following Not options this with or The options the following options Option Function White of to and white From Within Applications of to of of to of Colors to Colors to Colors to
(Continued) software The Text option appear this Option (Soft C Dither Dither Dither C Dither Dropout white Quality Scanning TET On or Function tones tone to and containing of tones newspaper photographs dither dither dither dither white white the Scans the with Scans the with three only From Within Application
The following the options with each Since both the and Quality with the this option included the option selection Black While (Soft C Dither Dither Dither C Dither (Soft C Dither Dither Dither C Dither Screen Colors Dither options the ES-300C choose scanning, the or TWAIN; Chapter information. From Within Applications Scanning
To existing type, from the pull-down and the Choose and then choose OK. If choose choose OK, the type and options To type, type that closely the to Then the existing from the field and type the other as necessary. Choose and then choose OK. If choose choose OK, the type To existing type, from the pull-down and choose then choose OK. Text Text background such as background and increases the threshold that OCR character software the text easily. If Text from the OCR from the pull-down The Text the turned Choose and then choose OK. Then OCR from the Destination pull-down as From Within Applications
If Text the option appear or the the Destination The Destination allows to each You to or To the Destination, the Destination You the following Selecting the pull-down to that the type and You and halftones and photographs. The the type of and The following shows the From Within Applications
The higher the select, the the 11-inch photograph 24MB The photograph of only 1.36MB. to and the of and when To the lowest that or off or of art, scanning that third of of to with and to with EPSON choosefrom to and from to the inch the to the the the too the to the If to when higher than normally would. From Within Applications Grayscale
Selecting the pull-down to or TWAIN then the as to the EPSON TWAIN Scanning including those the EPSON as below: COLOR COLOR II Thermal COLOR PRO PRO XL to the with the Scanning information, Chapter and To existing Destination, from the Destination pull-down and the necessary Choose and then choose OK. If click OK, the Destination To Destination, existing with to the to Then the existing from the Destination pull-down and type the field. the and choose then choose OK. From Within Applications
To existing Destination, from the Destination pull-down and choose then choose OK and the Once selected the and Destination and (To the features, the TWAIN allow to the and the Click the to the the Click the to the selected the section instructions selecting the If the the includes the If the clearly to with Then From Within Applications
the Once of the the the to or the To the of the the to the as the the release the the the To the of selected the to the of the selection the to the and the of the to the location. You the of the selected the the selection the to hand. the and the selection to location. To the the Features information about using the the and of the the You the of these selecting inches, or from the pull-down to the and From Within Applications
The of the or the selected appears the and Height You type these to selection of You the to the or the Height field. Click the once to the the shows closed Click to the selection or other the of the the field. the to the of the than the displayed The field displays the amount which or reduced You this to the from its to its To this the or type the the field. If increase the the increases to You the to the Click the once to the the shows closed Click to the From Within Applications
Scanning the finished selecting the easy or advanced and the right the advanced the choosing the Scan If choose Scan from the easy TWAIN selects the and If from the advanced and the or selected to the choosing Scan. Otherwise, the scanned. the TWAIN further the of software. From Within Applications
Effects The EPSON TWAIN advanced options editing them. If software, of the effects this chapter-and more-using that software. software, EPSON TWAIN allows to broad of effects these Gammacorrection C features. the TWAIN choose the the TWAIN advanced the following TWAIN options Effects
To the reappears the when the advanced the and option. The TWAIN select, and options EPSON TWAIN Preferences (If to the TWAIN to their the EPSON TWAIN the Trash and If (as Chapter selecting the EPSON option. The ES-300C If Apple ColorSync and or selected the the Apple Colorsync the TWAIN using ColorSync to thousands or of the the the of that the or from the of pull-down This the of the features this chapter. the from of that You the amount of the displayed the selecting or from the Effects
The when choose the the following The ES-300C Contrast, Highlight, Sharpness, and Threshold Follow these to the From the the to the Brightness the of light the highlights and Highlight the lightest the Sharpness the Threshold the which the to or white. This option when the Black White and the the Threshold the other If to of the the the to and the to that This and to Effects
Choose the You the following the the the the to the following these Effects the the the field the the Click the to the to or using the the that reflects the That then highlighted and the Click the appears Highlight and Click the below the The to the to the highlights or from the the the the that o You choose the Highlight and buttons when the
the the the the You the You option to its holding the Option and clicking the options To the the below the Correction the the brightness the highlights, and of without dramatically This the tones they with greater or (The Correction chose the Correction the ES-300C. choose the Correction You the following Effects
the using the You the effects of the the and the Correction to If choose the to the of the three or with You choose the that reflects what the to If the existing choosing the You the following the to to the the Correction field and choose Then choose OK. the the the pull-down whenever to You existing correction selecting from the Correction and clicking Then choose to to the Correction You the Correction option to its choosing the below the Correction the advanced Effects
Colors the choose the You the following the ES-300C. You these the as this section: You the and options to their holding the Option and clicking the options To the options to their the below the Effects
the of the three to the however, the To the Choose the below the the to the the to Then the to the or choose the to the of the to choose the from the The field shows the the selected or type the field. the of increases or the amount of while You the the the You the to the of the to choose the from the The shows the selected or type the field. To from completely, the the to the The scanning. Effects
(or that the You to the wheel that increased the You the amount of red, and to the right of the wheel. To the to the of the wheel. choose the from of of the scanning. Inverting of You The this to or to from To and invert Transparency Unit and Transparency Unit as Source option. To invert the and choose the You the inverted the Effects
The TWAIN advanced offers features: the easy both features the to the brightness and the ES-300C. to the everything the the If than roughly the using the then the then the to include the or of the selected. Effects which the of and the Highlight and which and selects the from within the
Chapter and Exporting You using EPSON Scan! II to the and as this Scanned to its EPSON Scan! II to EPSON Scan! II. Follow these EPSON Scan! II, necessary. Select from the Select Scan to Choose from the You the following and Exporting
the pull-down the top, the which to the the as field. Click The the EPSON Scan! II You this EPSON Scan! II and with as below. Exporting EPSON Scan! II allows to software information the software software software the EPSON Scan! II and EPSON Scan! II EPSON Scan! II exporting. Follow these to Choose from the You the following and Exporting
The the selected You this software; software instructions. the pull-down the top, the to which to the the as field. You choose of these from the Format PICT, TIFF5.0, TIFF6.0(JPEG), JPEG, and EPS. of these the You TIFF6.0(JPEG) and JPEG selected Colors the the when the If selected the PICT the to this and off. the PICT If selected the TIFF6.0(JPEG) or JPEG or selected the PICT and turned EPSON Scan! II allows to choose the JPEG selecting higher To the the Quality to the If the Quality the and Exporting
and Exporting EPSON Scan! II allows to and directly selected without the Since the displayed, operations quickly. EPSON Scan! II once exported. Follow these EPSON Scan! II, necessary. Choose from the You the TWAIN (If the easy Advanced.) Choose Scan. You the following the pull-down the top, the to which to the the as field. and Exporting
You choose of these from the Format PICT, TIFF5.0, TIFF6.0(JPEG), JPEG, and EPS. of these the If selected the PICT the to this and off. the PICT If selected the TIFF6.0(JPEG) or JPEG or selected the PICT and turned EPSON Scan! II allows to choose the Since JPEG selecting higher To the the Quality to the The and the selected You this software; software instructions. Exiting EPSON Scan! II To EPSON Scan! II, or Then choose from the You TIFF6.0(JPEG) and JPEG only selected Colors the the when the If the Qualify and Exporting
Chapter Troubleshooting the EPSON Scanning TWAIN EPSON listed. Nothing when If the EPSON Scanning or with the of or the sections this chapter Either the EPSON Scanning or they correctly. the EPSON Scanning Chapter instructions. turned and the connected properly. EPSON TWAIN selected as the TWAIN the Select TWAIN Source option the The EPSON TWAIN correctly. the EPSON Scanning from Chapter instructions. You selected the SCSI ID the the and other SCSI Then the EPSON Scanning Troubleshooting
caused or the TWAIN the EPSON Scanning to correctly. and applications. to the TWAIN then and try the to that If this turning off and or the RESET Then and The or appears when choose from software. You than TWAIN once. and active TWAIN too and reduce the of the If memory enough memory to the to with EPSON TWAIN. the Info to increase the memory to 4MB to 5MB. The EPSON Scanning with the the EFSON Scanning the Introduction this that the software and that software that correctly and software. Troubleshooting
enough memory to software. If other software the enough memory the section memory The scanning. that the READY light the and SCSI ID correctly. clicking the the appear the Click the TWAIN The the selected the The EPSON ES-300C and ES-600C the to high Choose and software and and the The of increases editing software the to which software information. Troubleshooting
the or the caused the or the to clear the then The Sharpness the the Sharpness The Source the EPSON TWAIN This You first optional or Transparency Unit to to these as Source. You and the and options the pull-down This Photoshop only or these The when the selected Source. The when the selected because the to through the the and then the the If necessary, the Troubleshooting Photoshop
when or of the touching another the the If invert function, to the or the option the TWAIN advanced the with the updated The and Destination You Chapter The the and dither EPSON when the to Black White or Colors or The software displays or scanning. the TWAIN switching to software. The oversized. reducing its its or then If selected as the to and Troubleshooting
If high and the allowable the and reduce the and the of the Then If closed closing the EPSON TWAIN Scan the TWAIN closing If selected EPSON TWAIN, to to with the the TWAIN switching to software. The the match closely enough. and The TWAIN its Increase the of or the displays using the The the the of Increase the of or the displays the Troubleshooting
the the displays or closing the EPSON TWAIN of the appears the the to clear the selecting of to the correctly. Scan the whole instead of of With Quality This section to with that when or The or that the the You the scanning. the of the that the or the and reduce the of with the Troubleshooting
of the or of the warped, or with the the The of the scanned. The around the that the the or the of the If the thick or the the of the the of the with to fight If of the the the with the and the of the The or of the the Correction the Brightness and to and that the information Troubleshooting heavy the
The too and without the Brightness, Correction, and to and the the brightness and of that the Destination correctly. If to too Straight the The the that the and with the the The the as the the and selected the Chapter of that software correctly If software, the software. that the of and match. software of the If this or its head or cleaning; If this both and the malfunctioning. Troubleshooting
textured appear the This The the from that of the its and EPSON TWAIN the from the This the closely match the correctly the EPSON Scan! II. and settings-such as Depth, Correction, and of The from that of the that correctly the EPSON Scan! II using the and The match the of the exactly the and The or than the the and TWAIN. You the the of the to the Troubleshooting
The the the or the that the properly connected to and correctly; that software properly and software or appear the EPSON TWAIN that others Also, the Brightness, Highlight, or Correction options to and the If selected as the and other than as Destination increasing the Threshold to higher (interference) appear the commonly when that include halftone To this of the following or the slightly the Sharpness the slightly the Scanning Troubleshooting
the the appears software. Choose the and The appears and software scanning. the reduce its to than 1MB the TWAIN the the match the Select as the and try Select Colors the and The corrupted. If the than or A4, or the information. You to choose the the information. If another Troubleshooting
This the the and Destination options EPSON TWAIN. and type and Black White and and halftone, quality, and and Black-and-white, halftone, and Black white Black-end-whiie, quality, and OCR Black-and-white, scanning, and Text On Destination Destination and halftone and Thermal and halftone and Thermal and halftone and and halftone and
Destination (continued) Destination FAX OCR COLOR XL COLOR COLOR and halftone and COLOR and halftone and halftone and with and halftone and Won and halftone and COLOR and halftone and XL and halftone and and halftone and COLOR II halftone and with
This the TWAIN icons. If to know what the this then its boxes that icons. the the and instructions the Preview. Allows to Once the its height, and the allows to the of to Preview. Allows to of the and that the selected of the shown. the to the of the to Allows to or this the Highlight and the Scan from the easy TWAIN these
Allows to the If than and roughly the the and clicking the Scan from the easy TWAIN this and Unlock. Allow to or the or The the which below. Brightness Allows to three or of brightness. The reflects the to three or of The reflects the Highlight Allows to three or of highlight intensity or The reflects the highlight
Allows to three or of or The reflects the Sharpness Allows to three or of sharpness. The reflects the sharpness Threshold Allows to three or of and white The reflects the threshold Correction and Correction the Correction which when to the highlights, and This to the tones the and the areas. The allows to three or of tonal The reflects the
the which the the below. Allows to three or five-image with casts of the Allows to three or of the or Three-pass Allows to three or of Can the Three-pass scanning
Application software to such as processing, editing, or spreadsheet accessory that of the Brightness software function to or the that the or and white the to the that software and the that reflects the Correction of the type of that the to the EPSON TWAIN that the of to of The (red, and the and the and The the and lightest
Destination of and that match the characteristics of the to the output EPSON Destination to to the to You Destination of that such as or containing instructions that allow to and (such as or Dithering which software or tones with repeating of DPI inch. of The higher the the higher the Dropout software which to EPS Encapsulated industry applications. The brightness and of Format The which graphic the Correction of the that the of to the
EPSON TWAIN software that the of of You casts and to the The of of of scanned, the of each type which the of the printed. of tones that the the tones. Highlight The lightest of The or reproduced. EPSON TWAIN Depth, and Quality to the creating. You type Interface The or JPEG Photographic Group. JPEG and applications. of and with that intentionally (or from the The tonal of located the highlight and the
that when halftone or when scanned. PICT industry-standard applications. Each of of EPSON TWAIN that the amount of information interface through which transmitted Indication of finely Measured inch inch or inch RLE Encoding. type of The amount of to Saturated to and Reducing or increasing the of operation the and the of The scanning. Scanning The physical of the that the
SCSI Interface. EPSON the SCSI interface to the and the The of The highlight and the and the of the Sharpness The of Threshold The which the to or white. TIFF5.0 Format, TIFF industry- TIFF6.0(JPEG) Format, with JPEG TIFF and JPEG industry-standard Curve correction which shows the ratio the input and processing. Transparency Unit accessory which allows the to such as TWAIN industry interface allowing to directly from without The to of