Please that the memory shown and of incorrect. Please with the following SIMM memory with to this SIMM With this memory the 4MB of memory and of Corporation. Copyright California U11 U12 memory 1MB 1MB 6MB 4MB 4MB 12MB 14MB 16MB 36MB 64MB** 64MB** MB Inc. 4MB*
EPSON PROGRESSION and recyclable
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installations If this interference to and reception which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the KC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS bnits
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying. recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this publication and features to without and of Corporation. of Portland, Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California Y74599100100 IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If of the type of or If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and overcurrent protection this the building protected to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to outlets the as or that switch and off. allow the to become or frayed.
If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions type On tous protection brancher tout services marche-arr&. instructions toute chariot, conserver instructions fiche
rallonge. service A. B. C. D. E. reparation service Tout rkparations performance. infib& refuse instructions. service. branches branches On instructions tout service
Introduction fast, high-performance offering flexibility and It the following features: 4MB of memory, to 128MB and BIOS RAM 8KB of internal cache -the memory architecture which allows the to its memory as cache Integrated VGA graphics with Chips and Microsoft and PS/2 and IBM option to internal and three externally-accessible CPU with math and security Introduction
and memory together to fast. The advanced architecture allows the CPU to directly with the throughput from the memory to the Combined with the and graphics of the VGA this refresh rates that than VGA and to than that Additionally, of its memory as cache that only 64KB or 128KB cache buffer-which typically with the first or memory command-your the RAM as cache the performance when memory-consuming graphics such as or the built-in interfaces, directly to the to option cards. You the option to with functions such as or interface Optional You easily memory and of as below. Memory 1MB, 4MB, 16MB, or 64MB memory to the board, the memory to 128MB. Introduction
to such as or CD-ROM expand, these to the the CPU easily without to purchase The CPU three 486SX/25, 486DX/33, and 486DX2/66. to the and performance that with CPU, the VGA performance to match the of CPU You system-without the CPU the CPU This the internal clock of the Math You to math to the and performance of mathematical Roth the 486DX/33 and the 486DX2/66 built the CPU and optional On the 486SX/25 487SX/25 which built-in math Introduction
While the VGA the board, the interface which with The to and the to as as The allows to of instead of or with authorized information optional instructions, and of this VGA with MS-DOS VGA and with the integrated VGA interface. With these of VGA features such as high and text when The with the to clear of to the the VGA instructions. Introduction
This the information to the from You to everything this the following summary. covers operating such as turning the and off, and and the instructions and the cover, front and subassembly the to and optional such as option cards, memory CPU math and daughter-board. Chapter to and Chapter instructions Chapter the formatting Chapter troubleshooting the specifications of At the of this and Please the instructions and the SETUP
Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the and of products Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service-also directly the Product with technical and products information. If purchased the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back cover. If with software the that with the information about the technical offered the introduction
This chapter of basic operations that such as to and off, and and the If with these aspects of operating to the first sections of this chapter. to the sections which operations to such as using the and the
Turning On the Computer turning the following to or yourself: Cl or or (including the or when the the with protective 5.25-inch off or while light This the least seconds off the This to the Follow these to Turn the and other connected to the If (or the operating the operating A. If to the operating each the the operating to its memory. operating information.
To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The below the lights seconds, the displays count of its memory, and then its This of the each to everything correctly. (If necessary, the to the If or to such as to to the first the completed its the following <F2> Press to SETUP light
If match the information the CMOS RAM through the SETUP and to the [F21 to the SETUP to the information. Chapter of the instructions.) If to SETUP, the then the operating from the or the A. (If the operating the or the the displays operating instructions.) What If it to (such as or the first or of that If the operating such as C further instructions. Turning the Whenever off follow these and the light and the light(s) to they the to these lights.) off the light the or Press F2 or A>.
from the Press the to off the and then off peripheral and The allow to and then and This section and to: Cl of and and and Format CI If to least seconds turning off This allows read/write heads to from the to location. If this
of coated with This that slightly (5.25-inch or (3.5-inch and It sealed protective to free of and the that and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which further sectors, which as The below of and sectors.
Double-sided, or each and double-sided, high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the capacity of the The of sectors the type of the read/write heads to and To write to the to the the read/write head where the to written. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 3.5-inch, high-density, TPI inch), These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. Each character, such as A, or
1.2MB 5.25-inch, high-density, TPI, 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information (approximately of 720KB 3.5-inch, double-sided, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information (approximately of 360KB 5.25-inch, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information (approximately of You Formatting this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 3.5-inch 5.25-inch or There using that the as the The following the and
5.25-inch type from and write to 360KB 360KB, 320KB, 180KB, 160KB 1.2MB 1.2MB, 36OKB,* 32OKB,* 18OKB,* 160KB* If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB 3.5-inch type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB, 720KB of the type and when (Usually this information appears the If to 720KB 1.44MB or 360KB 1.2MB include the command. operating instructions. If of the (1.44MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB) and MS-DOS, from to another-using COPY or XCOPY -as as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS or other operating
and Follow these to and off the from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads If that to write or write-protect This operating and protecting below, Dont them the or or heat this the from such as those telephones, and information magnetically.)
top of or or try to and the type and top of another; this to and the the top of and they 5.25-inch its protective and the the read/write The it to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or To write-protect 5.25-inch the notch (shown below) with write-protect included of 5.25-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect
On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right shown below. To write-protect 3.5-inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. switch or switch they
and If 5.25-inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as
If 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown below. the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the it and properly. or or off the You Also, off the release
operating the to least and and accordingly. MS-DOS, the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating (the MS-DOS and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
Formatting Formatting the that the operating write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the operating instructions formatting It to of and (or of that such as operating Reference, and then only the the from Also, regularly, whenever them, and them from If to the and regularly. of or
to the 240MB as as approximately 1.2MB or 1.44MB operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of operating related together and they easy to and operating instructions and and the operating to
the While the to back to or of and copying the to the the to back them whenever them to or Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, the to the light.) Ct to the The sealed to from Cl If to to the HDSIT to the as
the when operating or as the below. functions the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Works with other to Works with other to character or the back the character to the of the of input or command. the function and off. the character the the or operation.
functions (continued) within Prints the applications. the operation. the with The the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Command or You to command or while If MS-DOS or command that to of the following: If these to the as below. off the to or to, the and and and the function of the from to positioning the the function with as I)],. [CM]).
the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and try memory that necessary. the as to and when them the If the without properly exiting To the the operating the or A; A. There to the If MS-DOS, and The and then the should operating Press the RESET the front (shown the following this when the to and
If the the to off and to from the Turn off the and seconds. If A. Then the locking the Computers You the cover the to unauthorized users from its internal To the cover, the as shown the and clockwise. To the cover, the as shown the right and counterclockwise. RESET
If when the SETUP or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the You and the The when type character, the the characters type. Then You three to the The that appears the the third incorrect try, the screen the and the Press the RESET and to the If the Chapter type the correctly and I, character appears. Then the the operating and displays the
If turned network when the SETUP to to as Network To follow these If A. Turn or the At the and the to and to to ABC, type: Press 123/ABC The what type. characters the such as or The distinguish characters that with the and those that character appears and then the the operating
You using the SETUP Chapter of the instructions. To follow these If A. Turn or the At the type: Press character appears and then the the operating The or the it and the operating immediately. You the SETUP Chapter of the instructions. If the Chapter
as Network the network and the other connected to It write to and from the other computers, the the commands the the commands to from other computers. If as the to unauthorized users from commands the To this security, the SETUP If network the the the operating or the software. Once commands the and operating or software the This allows other the to the unauthorized from commands and the the as would turned off. The to unauthorized users from that required.
You to to as helpful. the Chapter of the instructions the and Then the section to Network turn or the operating or software from and the or the first software. If from A, however, the the operating or software. Follow the instructions to this Follow these to Turn or You the though the to the and The screen what type. should to Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and try the
the high or High the highest which of such as to with You the to which switches from high to when operating high the TURBO light the front It off when the operating You should high everything because and only the software to this the
copy-protected the to while the These to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. the type of copy-protected or to the to Follow these If copy-protected that only or that try to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. If copy-protected that to the to while the Then the to high while and the If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. There three to the the SETUP command Cl the ESPEED
If that or SETUP to the SETUP. of the instructions. If these occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the These temporarily the SETUP Commands You the temporarily from You these commands the Software option the SETUP the If this option the commands. The commands the below. commands commands To these commands, the and then the the (high access) and the or
You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the that the the to Another to the ESPEED below. The the following: LI Press Turn off the Cl using the SETUP with another command ESPEED. the ESPEED ESPEED easy to the the commands or to include the batch The ESPEED the Reference If the ESPEED,EXE from Reference and the from there. If Reference and the to the or the RESET to to the
To SPEED, the following the MS-DOS and You the following These the switches should to the to high, or At the MS-DOS type the ESPEED and include the switch, such as the following: (This the to to when the If include the switch when type the ESPEED command, the the without the options. The or off the or with ESPEED ESPEED[/H] /High /LOW ESPEED /A [A] or the RESET [/L] [/A] High
the ESPEED butch You to the ESPEED including the command batch SLOWDOWN which You include the following commands batch to the SLOWDOWN ESPEED You the batch SLOW.BAT. Whenever to the SLOWDOWN type SLOW and The the to and the the built-in that when operations. You the operation and of this the SETUP and the SETVOL below. To or the SETUP and the of the option, as of the (The of the option Enabled.) If the SETVOL to the of the as The SETVOL.EXE the Reference You to to /A
Follow these to SETVOL: If SETVOL.EXE to the directory where At the type the following and You the selection The VOLUME the top of the the of currently such as The the of the graphically displays the as increase or selected the The If the the Reference and that SEWOL To the To increase the the the or the the the the of the to the and SETVOL. You the selected. If to the without the You the operating [tl, or or (You
Another to SETVOL to the with the command The following the SETVOL Function information the SETVOL and options (from to the the of the type SETVOL the to the to of the type the following and SEWOL to include the the the If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference to the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT.
If already the HDSIT.COM and HDSIT.VER from the Reference to Then, when to HDSIT, the directory where these HDSIT and You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The then the heads and the and off the to the location. Whether HDSIT or off and least seconds This allows read/write heads to from the to location. If this AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch If MS-DOS to that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and the commands the as typed each from the If that as text only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY, EDIT, or EDLIN command, or text to the MS-DOS
One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands the MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT which or as to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS (You to to AUTOEXEC.OLD, to MS-DOS information about creating and batch
Accessing To internal to the cover. to the front and the subassembly (the that the The instructions this chapter to the following: and the cover and the front and the subassembly. the the Accessing
the this chapter and and the following to or yourself: reservations about off the and least seconds the cover. First the from the and from the back Then peripheral from the Every the cover, ground touching the of the back If properly grounded, electricity and disconnecting from internal (such as the the to from the or to correctly. with the the the the If option, its to or the the or the overheat. Accessing
Removing the the cover to of the following: or option or memory or CPU or math or or the or or other Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and connected to Then the from the and from the back peripheral that to the including the Turn the around facing the back If necessary, the cover. Chapter instructions.) Accessing
the three thumbscrews the back turning them counterclockwise, as shown below. (The screws the off.) the of the the front of the and as shown below. Then and off the Accessing
Removing the You the front to or or to the subassembly from the (If internal option, to the front Follow these Turn the facing the front Release the the front to the as shown below. You to screwdriver to release the Accessing internal
Once the free, the of the front and straight to the the as shown below. to the off this or off the and RESET buttons. If off, back to its Accessing
the Subassembly You to the subassembly or that mounted to the supply. the instructions Chapter to the subassembly.) Follow these Turn the facing the front the supply and from the of the as shown below. which to which easily them Accessing supply
the holding the supply and to the of the subassembly, as shown below. Then the from the from the board.) the back of the subassembly the its as shown below, and the back Accessing
the subassembly slightly to release it from the beneath the front Then of the and the Subassembly Follow these to the subassembly: Turn the facing the front the subassembly and the front of through the the front of the as shown below. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the as shown Accessing
the back of the subassembly the If necessary, the beneath the back right of the subassembly the the top of the supply. Then the subassembly the Gather the supply and the the of the subassembly; then the Accessing
to the and supply to the of Connecting the instructions. (If to the and/or to the board, follow through through the Follow these to the front Turn the facing the front. the the front with the and RESET buttons, and that from the front of the the front with the notches the Then the front straight the as shown below. Press the front the to the the notches. If the front the front and Accessing
Rep/acing the Follow these to the cover: Turn the facing the back the as shown below, and the front the Then the back of the cover. the cover the front the top of the front Tighten the three thumbscrews the back to the cover to the the the Chapter instructions.) and other Then the to the back of the and to Accessing
Chapter and You the performance of of options or including the following: Option LJ Memory CPU Math Enhanced and
This chapter instructions the options and the the to the information or options On the of board which shows the location of to the instructions this chapter the cover; Chapter the everything to the to Chapter instructions the cover. and Removing
follow the instructions this chapter and Chapter the below to the board. CPU SIMM option VGA VGA and VI&O JP3 .IPA
that of the The the factory; however, features the as follows: or the built-in or type to or or the function or the built-in VGA If to or to the follow the instructions this section. to the to the The following the board and their and
board JP4 JP5 JP6 JP7 Factory the If to the board, follow these to the to which to change. the to the where the the The and the A) or and the B), as shown below. A* B* A* B* A* Function the built-in the built-in option option the function the function the built-in VGA the built-in VGA option and
To from to the other, or to it off its and to the to the C o to the or surrounding the board. Option Cards option board to function. option such as or interface, such as option each of which option You option from authorized as as other option the the that the the the its and that the the the The below the Option and each Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps and
Although the protected loads, the option that than the shown the This section to option If to option Option Card instructions. The of the shows the option You or option these below, the Usually it which option as as fits the follow these when which to CI You that the option the instructions that with the to this the If that the as as to the and Removing
Option Card Follow these to option If option that to the of JP3 or JP4 the If to the of JP5 and JP7. instructions. the screw from the top of the option cover; to the screw the Then the cover. the screw to the option to the the cover the option and
Unpack the option to of the the or the C onnectors If to top of its with the facing the the the the top the as shown below. switches or the necessary. the option instructions.) the the straight If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to that seated the and
the of the to the back of the with the screw. the cover, the that with to there procedures to the option. If with interface, to SETUP to of the built-in interface of the instructions. Removing Option Card If to option follow these the screw the to the back of the and it straight and of the and
Cover the option with the and with the screw. If option that to the of JP3 or JP4 the board. If to the of JP5 and JP7. instructions. If when the them as the and the cover. Memory with 4MB of memory the board. memory memory increase the amount of memory to 128MB. It to memory they easily incorrectly. If to them yourself, follow the instructions this section. the following to that they properly: Cl only SIMM that of or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the the and Removing
Although SIMM that with industry to SIMM option to and compatibility. If choose another type of SIMM the of the SIMM to which them from the correctly.) There SIMM the board, and each memory You with of 1MB, 4MB, 16MB or 64MB. The following shows the SIMM memory other that there already 4MB of memory the board. SIMM 16MB 1MB 21MB 1MB 16MB 21MB and
SIMM (continued) 64MB 44MB MB memory with to If this SIMM With this memory the 4MB of memory Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions below. and Removing
Follow these to to the to the SIMM the back of the board, the If to the first SIMM the U12) first. as shown below, with the facing the option the SIMM the the and Removing
the SIMM the and then the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If SIMM, and to the other the cover, to the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions. The SIMM should the If smoothly, force the and try the SIMM the and that the the through the both and
Removing If to from or follow the below. If the the right U11) first. or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they the the SIMM to the right Release the and the SIMM of the If SIMM, the the cover, to the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions. and
the CPU Card The the CPU the This allows to easily the CPU with There three 486SX/25 486DX/33 486DX2/66. The instructions this section to the and You to these procedures to or math the CPU and Removing
Removing the CPU Card Follow these to the CPU from the screw the to the front of the as shown below. the straight and of its as shown If CPU follow the instructions the If math or the section this chapter instructions. to the CPU to instructions. and Removing
the CPU Card This section to CPU You to this to math or or CPU If the 486DX2/66 to the If the 486SX/25 or 486DX/33 Checking the below. Checking the There the 486SX/25 and the 486DX/33 that what type of These to the the factory, to the to they correct. Also, the 486DX/33 to the of The following where the located the CPU cards. 486SX/25 and Removing
486DX/33 There only the 486SX/25 and should to B. If the 486DX/33 to the following to the correctly the and them necessary. 486SX/33 CPU W3 W1 W2 CPU Card only; ODP486DX/33 information and Removing W1,W2.W3
Follow these to the CPU the as shown below, the the of the with the the the board. The the of the should the the of the the straight the seated. If smoothly, and the the of the to the front of the with the screw. the cover, the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions. (You only the and the to and
If the 486SX/25 or 486DX/33 CPU performance the This allows to effectively the internal clock of with Although there the 486DX2/66 there this The type of choose the CPU as shown the below. CPU 486SX/25 486DX/33 If this 487SX/25 both options the with the of this You to the it easily incorrectly. If to yourself, to that with precautionary information. Then follow the instructions with the as as those the section below to CPU and ODP486SX/25* ODP486DX/33**
the CPU as the with the facing the the the with the the the with the Gently the straight the to the the and
If the ODP486DX/33, to the of W3. instructions. the CPU as the cover, the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions. (You the and the to Math math the when using It increases the which graphic displayed when graphics Roth the 486DX/33 and the 486DX2/66 CPU math built the they which math On the 486SX/25 487SX/25 the This built-in math and the 486SX/25 the If the 487SX/25 the both options the and Removing
The following which math If this CPU 486SX/25 486DX/33 486DX2/66 with which type of math to purchase. You to the easily incorrectly. If to the yourself, to that with precautionary information. Then follow the instructions with the as as those the section below to CPU To electricity and math as stationary as while Also, to the the You this 487SX/25 (with built-in and Removing
the 487SX/25 follow these to 487SX/25 the 486SX/25 CPU the CPU as the with the facing the the as shown below. the notched of the the the with the to the the directly the the If the the permanently and Removing
the the directly the the Then straight the the CPU as the cover, to the SETUP its of the instructions.) Additionally, the with software, to to the the instructions.) follow these to math the 486DX/33 or 486DX2/66 the CPU as the with the facing and
the the as shown below. the notched of the coprocessor-marked with the the the to the the directly the the If the math the permanently the the directly the the Then the straight the the CPU as and
the cover, to the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions.) Additionally, the math with software, to to the the instructions.) the interface daughter-board the board. Although the VGA the board, the allows to easily VGA from to The board 1MB of RAM and to the higher to of the features. and Removing
Follow these to the and the the screws the to the back of the (If to the screws, of to the screws or the interface the screws and Removing
The which of the four the (the to the back To the daughterboard, the of the board to release as shown the following Then the from the and the board and and
The four which the four the board. To the board the the interface through the the back Then the four the the board, as shown below. to the the the the board. If the the permanently and the the board. and
the and correctly, the board to the to the back of the with the screws to the VGA instructions higher and
the VGA Connector The VGA board allows to optional, high-resolution graphics the to the If to graphics to the VGA follow these the graphics Option Card instructions. the that with graphics to the interface the graphics information. the other of the graphics to the VGA the board. You to the built-in VGA graphics to the and
Chapter and Removing The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM, or Although from the should to the If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. and Removing
of the below, the cover as You to the front and subassembly; the instructions this chapter when this necessary. Choosing the Correct to shown below, there the subassembly: the and the internal The to three The top the third-height that with You the half-height or full-height and Removing subassembly
You full-height or half-height the internal If to the internal This the that to from the such as or If however, the the below to the the with this section If or Checking the IDE Jumpers and another the From only the or other the or other Removing From the or Information each of these sections to the instructions should follow or Post-installation Procedures the of this chapter to and Removing
Checking the IDE IDE (Integrated that the to properly with The the whether or If purchased with already these You to the or You to these the of the following: first and leaving another the that with the If the each to which the (primary) and which the (secondary) the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the operating the and
If and to the the to that Where to Next If first there other should the internal to If the or internal (although to the the or other To the internal to To the the following section. To from the to To from the internal to and
the This section to however, these instructions to another type of the the that with it instructions. On each of the there with four as shown below. which to the of and where to The third-height that with already the the top of the -height half-height The that inches If that inches mounting (or If necessary, follow the instructions included with the to the and third-height half-height
Follow these to the the following included with to each of the as shown below. each with of the screws. tighten the screws to the the Cl screws (with attached washers) (with attached washers) wrench. and
the the as shown below, the screws each the the the the front of the the threaded the front of the subassembly, as shown Then the the that the the front of the the to the temporarily with the the the or back the with its (or other externally-accessible should of the its with the should the the If necessary, the front (as Chapter to the and Removing
the correct, the to the and of the Then the four screws the the back the and the follow the the section to the to the Connecting the To the to to supply and The interface and supply located the back of the The below shows the connected to the interface the top and
Follow these to the If or to If to the (One to the board and the other FDD attached to the top To B, the FDD To the TAPE DRIVE ONLY. The interface from the back of the both the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. the fits properly the interface and then Then to and If the correctly, when
If connecting the It with (If of the connected to the and another already attached to the the internal the the The of to the the The the the to the the with the the of the with the the supply the the the and then the Connector. when the and Removing
of the supply the the of the subassembly. The P1 through P5; of them. the its notched corners with the notched of the supply as shown below. (This shows The the the the the the and then the and notct If the correctly, when
If to the front and cover as Chapter then Post-installation Procedures to If or other to the cover that from the front Turn the front the Press outward the cover as shown below, and the cover. the to and
Removing From the Follow these to from the Disconnect the supply and from the back of the to as shown below. the wrench that with to the the to the front of the and
the front of the and of the If to the front and cover as then Post-installation Procedures to If IDE from the and the from its the board. First the from the the of the subassembly. Then the from the board and from the the to the If the from the front of the to the front cover. Turn the front the Then the cover the clicks the both of the and Removing cover
the internal the following The internal half- or full-height that first half-height the farthest from the supply. If to full-height first to half-height the internal Removing From the If or the to the supply, first the subassembly as Chapter and Removing inches If internal
Follow these to (or the internal with mounting attached to each of the as shown below. On there (If without or to mounting and Removing
If attached, the screws the and the grounding plate to of the mounting as shown below. the screws the mounting to each of the and
the the as shown below. the supply and the front of the subassembly. Then the the the the four the with the the Then the with the four screws that with the and supply as the section. and and
Connecting the To the to the to supply and Follow these to the If the subassembly of the follow the to Locate supply each the internal (The the the of the subassembly.) You of the free P1 through P5. the its notched with the notched of the supply as shown below. the the and then the and If the correctly, when
If the the (there already to The located the subassembly and the CPU the board, as shown below. clarity, the CPU appear the CPU If the the only to the to the board. This the with It three each and the as shown below. this to the and Removing subassembly
To the to the board, of the the the of the with the notch the as shown below. (If to the to the as the with of the and as If reaching the the CPU as Chapter to to the the the the then the and Removing notch
Thread the through the the of the subassembly, as shown below. (You to the as shown.) Then the the to If of the the If the the and
The of to the the Notice the of the This the to the the with the the of the with the the the as shown below. the the the the then the If the subassembly follow the Chapter to the cover as Chapter then Post-installation Procedures the of this chapter to and
From the Follow these to from the internal If the to the supply, first the subassembly as Chapter the supply and from the as shown below. (If the subassembly of the already these and
the four screws the to the internal Then the of the and If IDE and leaving another the the the to that IDE the other following and then and the that with instructions the If IDE to the from the the board. the from the the of the subassembly. Then the from the board the to the If the subassembly to of the follow the instructions Chapter to the subassembly the and
the cover as Chapter then Post-installation Procedures, below, to Post-installation Procedures or follow the below to properly: the SETUP to Chapter of the instructions. If that low-level to the already the that with the to already If Chapter instructions. If to to operating from to the the that with operating instructions. You to newly-installed Chapter instructions the Reference to and
and
Chapter You the following memory CI printer(s). the of the each The the and the to back or this to this
Starting the Follow these to the the Reference and turn or the the from the Reference to This clears terminate-and- (TSR) or other from memory and frees the At the type You the top of the with Items Detected highlighted. Press You of the the to the correct. If the correct, the SETUP to properly. Chapter of the instructions.) Then the correct, each If to from the You to the DIAG and I. to and
To from the Items Detected the them, follow these Press Press finished to Tests. You the such as the following: Memory COM1 LPT1 or to highlight the to and You as as to and Tests below. The from the
If to to the Items Detected follow these Press such as the following: The the that the as You that from the to to them. Press and The from the and to the Items Detected You as as finished and the section. or [to]toectAdd Tests. You the COM2 LPT2 LPT1 LPT2 or [tl to highlight the to to
Follow these to from the Press Press If to the once, If there the testing immediately. If there than the such as the following: or to You the such as the following: Memory COM1 LPT1 or [SJ to highlight the to and You the often to HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU Read, I. To the the of to
or type the of the option to highlight and then the completed, the or the You another or the To to and You to the operating command From If from information Follow the instructions the to the If the and appears. Follow the instructions the to the or to without of the the the the of this chapter. [T) or to
The below the Memory Drive(s) or Drive(s) or Port(s) COM1 or COM2 Port(s) LPT1 or LPT2 Random Read, the the of built-in or optional math memory and displays memory count the of the selected the operation of the selected the selected loop-back the selected loop-back
the of the Attribute built-in VGA Character Graphics Screen LPT1 or LPT2 the operation of the selected and The the to back or this The following the that appear testing. CPU ROM counter counter Refresh DMA DMA Refresh timeout write CMOS CMOS shutdown CPU Instruction
board CMOS Protect Protect Memory Memory Parity operation field subtraction high Timeout
Formatting This chapter to low-level (or physically) This should confused with the operating The physical formatting of that the factory the If with factory-installed or optional IDE already physically You follow the instructions operating to You to the this chapter to physically that the low-level and with its If that with its own that to physically the If whether formatting necessary, Physically formatting to back to the the formatting and formatting the operating physically or to the operating
its becomes causing the to efficiently or If this operating to the If those (or the to the following the instructions this chapter. Starting the Follow these to the formatting the Reference and A. HDFMTALL and You the Format The option choose whether formatting or reformatting The options as follows: Format first the track and which to as Then the and the they to Formatting Format
Formatting New To that formatted, the Format option. You to the to when the with of tracks, the the Other (such as with the already Reformatting Used To follow these the read/write or and the this option writes and reads the that You this that checksthe without You this that the option to tracks. If the back to the option to the the Format option to the
selecting Option this often to option from There to this: the arrow highlight the option and the of the option and Cl You option that appears the selecting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to Option Format If Format from the Format the following with track Format Scan to information? (Y/N) (If the already this to tracks.) Formatting P: [T] to
Select to the or to the scanning process. Next the following If the the and displays these the process: Scanning tracks... Head You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of sectors (Y/N) to the recommended sector the interleave factor) of this allows to efficiently. other to this the that with the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors the recommended which the sector the Then
Next this the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Then to To N. You the following the recommended which the sector the The sector the type. Then BEI. The allows to the At the of the this Select to the as Then the section and to Formatting the To to the track the section. Formatting recommended sectors head (Y/N) sectors head (Y/N)
the Defective Table If to the the following options the of the To track, follow these Press the of the containing the and [You this the head the and I. (To the operation, without appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect track and to the track or track from the the track the as track. The and head and or head of the of appears and the to the Defective Track to with track, C track, track, editing You this head to the of the If [DJ to the Formatting
the tracks, Then the the the correct, The displays warning about the of proceeding with formatting, as the section. Formatting the ready to formatting the the following warning: WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) If to the N. If the chance to DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N) to formatting or to If with formatting, Format started. Head You the head and as the Formatting without
formatting the and of these: Press Option You Distructive of to and them, they The writes, reads, and information track of the that already as If this the track that caused the destroyed. If think that causing first the to the To this from the Format You these Format finished. tracks... Format completed. Press ENTER to to the to to the Format II Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... head
the each track, the to the the displays the of the including of that write, as the following: finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. destroyed. Press If the track, the this: Confirm Track (Y/W) To these as You of the as they the to to the Format Formatting to to the to Table as to Head the track8 tracks. the Head the as track67 Bead
Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these the each track, the to the the displays the of the such as the following: If the the displays of the that the Then this the information displayed. Then the Format tracks... finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of read, detected. Press ENTER to to the Formatting to to II
Exiting the To the Format You the operating If the or the option, with operating operating instructions. Formatting
Chapter Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this chapter. You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of Chapter instructions. If the or Chapter the Where to the Introduction. technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You recorded this information the This that with If the its back If to follow the below to information about as as ROM BIOS and MS-DOS (or other operating If operating A. Turn or Troubleshooting
the its memory the of VGA BIOS and BIOS appear the top of the write the numbers. If enough to this, the RESET and Press <F2> to the information shown the SETUP then SETUP without Chapter of the instructions.) If MS-DOS, the type VER and (If another operating the that with instructions the built-in memory (ROM) of which every These such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays the If the serious, this <F1> the and Troubleshooting The displays the MS-DOS to
If the serious, the further checking and The the and the If this as as when technical The following the that appear If the below; to the troubleshooting section this chapter or offers If the section that covers board clock Action Primary/secondary I/O NMI SETUP; options Chapter of the options and Memory Troubleshooting
Action RAM and BIOS RAM options Memory and or Troubleshooting Memory RAM memory Memory or or CRT CRT SETUP: Chapter of the
Action and The Wont If when the the following: the light If and off the the securely connected to both the AC the back and operating necessary, and the Troubleshooting
If the light the Turn off the cord, and the Turn to the outlet If or of such as to reconnected the internal and correctly. and instructions. If the outlet and the The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to the If reasonable of to the Troubleshooting If the cant the
If to its The first such change, it to its what If the the operating the RESET and If that operating and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this chapter. The caused this chapter. If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the If respond, using the If the off the and least seconds. If operating A; then the It should the operating and information or Computer Chapter information. (or I=] or the RESET Chapter Troubleshooting
If (and to the the board), JP7 to the built-in VGA the You to the of JP5. instructions. If operating, its supply thermal operating and the This protects from these high they off the DC the supply and it to latch-off This the supply, the Restoring the Supply, below. Restoring the To supply operation, follow these Turn off the and off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: Cl supply there around the supply the back and of the the cover and both and the there around Troubleshooting 95F (35C). If this the the to cooler
the causing the overheating, allow the to cool least (about 78F or 25C). This the thermal If the cover, Chapter instructions.) Then the If the supply off If the following: If think the the and Chapter instructions. If when the information, as Network Chapter If know the to or Chapter instructions. If know the and the section. of the supply the to the option option the option card(s). Troubleshooting
Accessing If follow these to Turn off the Follow the instructions Chapter to the function JP6 to A. Turn the Press <F2> to SETUP, You the SETUP If to to If to to To highlight and F2 the and Then You the of the information about to To highlight security and the to Not Chapter of the information.) as SETUP. of the instructions.) Turn off the Follow the instructions Chapter to the function JP6 to B. Troubleshooting Then or to [F2J.
If operating A. Turn the If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely connected to the Connecting the of the instructions. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If the properly, the function the the only as numbers. If the light the right of the If security, the and immediately. If the MI (If this as Chapter to off the function. If to the of the function, the of the Troubleshooting
the following: If there the that the switch and that its light If the light the the brightness and If the switch the light off the seconds, and back to the displays If the light the outlet Turn off and from the Then the and to the outlet If the connected to the securely. Connecting Chapter of the or instructions. and match, and to the switches or properly. Connecting Chapter of the and and instructions. If to the the type of and using the and software. Troubleshooting
If (and to the the board), JP7 to the built-in VGA or the You to the of JP5. Chapter instructions. If with the Chapter If the If or the following You the or the the from the and with the facing If the latch, to to the the instructions and If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If the the below. If that graphics the Troubleshooting
to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB of Drives Chapter information. If the right type write-protected. On 5.25-inch there write-protect the notch its or there On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the Chapter information. the operating instructions formatting of the following MS-DOS If of these the properly the If the the and If the copying the from the to Troubleshooting Abort, reading writing Retry?
If there something with the the operating or the information the incorrectly. This the of these If or with follow these If with that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter the instructions and the to the correctly. the SETUP to the type of as of Chapter of the instructions.) the Chapter If the Cl of includes of other expected If using MS-DOS CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions. You software to Troubleshooting
If the or further examination of If with the of installation, or of the following the the the Accessing the the the Accessing the If to back Troubleshooting
the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the follow the instructions Chapter the instructions, the and the If IDE SETUP to to selected the type and that the built-in IDE (If connected the IDE to option the built-in to Disabled.) of the instructions. If physically the physically (or initialized) and operating This type of usually the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions Chapter that physical from the software- based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). the below, information. Troubleshooting
the (which already physically the following to it the SETUP to as of the Chapter of the instructions.) and the operating If using MS-DOS, instructions these MS-DOS If using another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the If the properly and as the the instructions operating each the correctly If the Accessing the If and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. Troubleshooting
If with back and physically the Then to the operating and back the Chapter and operating instructions. If or read/write the physical Software If with the following: If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high, or While properly the the software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected Troubleshooting
If MS-DOS that to there type to the command. These the to commands. If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and back Then If of these software the software technical Below to follow with If the and information, You with the to which connected. If the the Troubleshooting and and
If that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter of the or instructions. the the DIP switch or These properly with the If than or than the which the and which the secondary Chapter of the instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, it from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS command and the If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and the MS-DOS (such as properly they to what required. If using that the instructions. instructions with Prompt (such as C> or A>), PIWMM This should the of Troubleshooting
the or the You Chapter these tests. If the indicate(s) Option Card If option and function properly, the following: the option correctly? it well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the SETUP to the Chapter of the If the option to to the to the to the the procedures the software with the option option or software instructions. Troubleshooting
If with or the following: the securely connected to the and the Chapter of the instructions. If option to JP3 to the built-in and JP4 the the Chapter instructions. the correctly? software and the that with instructions. Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. They the they the type of SIMM, or they the to the SETUP or memory to memory Chapter of the instructions. If to the yourself. If them, Memory Chapter and the instructions. Troubleshooting
If with write that appear and Math If the math to operating properly, the following: the SETUP to the math as the information. If as or the math incorrectly. Chapter of the and Chapter of this information. If math correctly SETUP to the Troubleshooting If to math to without
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU 486SX/25 486SX, CPU optional ODP486SX/25 to internal clock 487SX/25 High, and high switches from high to only access; selection through SETUP, command, or ESPEED memory high 486DX/33 486DX,33 CPU optional ODP486DX/33 to internal clock 486DX2/66 486DX2,66 CPU optional Specifications
Memory 4MB RAM board; 1MB, 4MB, 16MB, or 64MB to 68MB type with (or ROM 128KB BIOS ROM and SETUP located FLASH memory CPU 64KB ROM EPROM board RAM 1MB VRAM board; 1MB VRAM optional (2MB VRAM RAM of and VGA BIOS ROM RAM; RAM through SETUP 8KB of internal cache (built the cache testing and through SETUP cache cache the of memory A-2 Specifications
Math Clock/ 486SX/25 optional 487SX, with built-in shared 486DX/33 math built the 486DX optional 486DX2/66 math built the 486DX2 optional math clock, and CMOS RAM board; 486SX/25 optional ODP486SX/25 to internal clock 487SX/25 shared 486DX/33 optional ODP486DX/33 to clock 486DX/66 optional Specifications A-3
Chips and VGA board; to and Interface board to IDE with built-in Interfaces VGA interface built board or VGA One or interface built board; assignment and I/O through SETUP; D-shell One RS-232C, interface built board; assignment and I/O through SETUP; D-shell A-4 Specifications to optional to and RAMDAC
PS/2 interface built board; and through SETUP; DIN PS/2 interface built board; DIN Option I/O ISA through SETUP and software VGA IBM VGA pass-through interface built board; to full-height or half-height internal third-height and half-height, or third-height and full-height, externally-accessible two-position or typewriter function Specifications A-5
only) Option and each Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps A-6 Specifications fan-cooled, input thermally protected to VAC and to VAC VDC Amps, VDC Amps, VDC Amps, VDC Amps to Three to board; to
20%to80% condensing) to Physical Characteristics inches inches Height inches (without Non-operating to to 60C) 1O% to to to 104F (40C) to to 60C) to to to 134F 57(C) Specifications A-7
Source AC type AC Reference type A-8 Specifications Reference North America 125V, 10A ANSI C73.11, UL/CSA Listed. NEMA 5-15-P. SJT, IEC 18/3AWG. or 16/3AWG. or <HAR> 300V, 10A or 13A UK 240V, 10A BS <HAR> BS 1363A IEC 300V. 10A IEC HD EN ASTA AS C112 <HAR> 24OV. 10A North America ANSI UL/CSA 24OV. 15A C73.20. SJT NEMA 18/3AWG. 6-15-P. 300V. 10A IEC UL
2OlcToaIoh or of these to the VGA BIOS ROM. The RAM: MB or 2MB BIOS ROM RAM: 64KB VGA BIOS ROM RAM: 32KB* VGA BIOS ROM RAM: 32KB* VGA 64KB memory: 640KB SETUP. ROM Not Not memory VGA graphics: 64KB 128MB 1MB 64OKB Specifications A-9
VGA Text Text These 512KB of memory VGA memory). NI Interlaced A-10 Specifications NI NI NI NI
NI Interlaced These 1MB of memory (mapped memory), 3A and which 2MB of memory. Specifications A-11
Access The of information such as memory or to of another the of or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts such as VGA the and of or shades. Application software to such as or creating spreadsheets. that than operating which the and software
ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic of the ASCII of computers, and ASCII ASCII and software to them. Asynchronous of which character to another that to to such as clock. AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch whenever MS-DOS. It the and The that allows the to switch from high to when Copy-protected and of or that created or memory Memory.
Botch type of that of commands automatically. Batch text with the .BAT. type the operating the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM Memory) that the of information and the and operating and other software. or The of information and The of through or that or The to its and then the operating its memory. or of that information from to the The of increases the and of the the to of of that character. and Character.
high-speed type of memory that where includes 8KB of internal cache as as CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each two-color graphics or graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, formatting and graphic that to the of Chip of containing and wrapped Chips to them and then the to the integrated CPU. CMOS Complementary type of RAM and switching that backed battery. of or instructions; software or of
Command instruction or to to function. Command The or that displays the to that the operating and ready to instructions. The MS-DOS displays the and directory. If C, the this: C The of internal and typical consists of with amount of memory, and connected to and command when and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Copy-protected containing software lock that from copied. of these to the the while and
Math CPU Processing Unit. The that instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted or that shows the which appear when typed or where the command The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Tracks. Information, such as text or graphics, or which (as to
or choice that the or when the specify temporarily the or the of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and with The or other type of and DIP switch switch. or switch the board of that function. Directory of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and
The and the which the magnetically. The that reads from and writes to or other its while sealed protective of coated with to the written to the from to another. board that of the option to the displays text and graphics. VGA built board and DOS The the operating software that and its input and MS-DOS and type of that allows to as as the 5.25-inch 360KB of 3.5-inch 720KB of
The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics EGA It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially-written MS-DOS when expanded memory that memory LIM EMS memory Memory 1MB that the or when they operating protected or This memory to OS/2 to MS-DOS only memory Expanded memory and OS/2 of to three characters which to to its or when the
of information records, or together Text of and of and to and commands. assigned to that distinguishes from other directory MS-DOS to characters and of numbers, and Format To (or to that the operating Formatting and sectors and locations where operating Graphics Screen or such as and graphics the to containing or to amounts of It and than
physical of such as board, or CPU. base-16 to the the and consisting of the through and the through F. usually the (or to them from numbers. High-density type of that allows to than or 5.25-inch high-density 1.2MB of 3.5-inch high-density 1.44MB of Integrated type of interface which the located the instead of includes interface to IDE the board. Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or they with each other.
that board. to the of function. containing copy-protected and that while the Copy-protected (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a of that expanded memory. Expanded Memory. board The board built containing the and the to Other boards, such as option cards, the option the board. motherboard. Math optional that the to mathematical floating instead of whole numbers. This and graphics operations that this type of
MCGA Graphics type of that graphics (CGA). MCGA and CGA. MDA type of that displays text only such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB to such as that of clock. second. Memory The that Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory board that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the board to memory. Commonly SIMM memory
MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the CPU CPU. that allows to to and from another telephone The that the and displays that displays (such as white, or as to which with or buttons. the the the the Pressing (or clicking) selects the item the the
MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with MS-DOS command- based, operating DOS, OS/2, and that input and of The of and operating to than or The actually the assigned and the OS/2 and UNIX. Network The which to the of the workstations). The and other to the workstations. Network optional that security as The and to the right of the The of the the the [G]
The which the commands, usually such as of that operations, such as input, and reading and writing to The operating (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) the foundation the other and the of the Option the to such as or I/O Option directly the option to to OS/2 The operating Microsoft and IBM that protected and DOS, MS-DOS, and The type of interface that the of wires Interface and
to command that operating what to process, where should or or should Stitch. Parity to the of the of the of of parity), parity), or parity). The operating that as though physically to areas. You and or The of characters type or the to and to the operations Pathname The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. Peripheral (such as or to that the its operation.
physical input/output to which ROM that the to its internal and operating each or containing instructions that the what to and to Prompt displayed the operating or to information from or what action to Command RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to
To gather from (such as and to (such as or when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical or that reads from and writes to the of the or clock clock the that track of the and when the turned off, from battery. Refresh The with which The the refresh the the The refresh to To without turning off. You RESET RAM and operating ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when off the using from battery. [CbllT] or the
directory The highest or directory hierarchical directory other of the directory. MS-DOS the directory with (backslash). RS-232C used, type of You RS-232C to the built-in RS-232C Sector section of track (typically that which the and Track. The type of that from interface to wire. Interface and RAM The that the of the and BIOS the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM
Software The of instructions (or that to the and specify. and Subdirectory hierarchical directory of directory that within another directory or the directory. Switch optional to MS-DOS that the the command Switches typically Command and of the and peripheral to they functioning correctly. that the operating and that to the The physical that allows to and
Tracks resembling the record, which the areas. On the to the of the Sector. UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution that of VGA and to (or to with the The that cache the of memory to access. Cache. To to (such as or (such as or written to written to Read.
To the from write-protect the notch 5.25-inch or the write-protect switch 3.5-inch You write-protect using software to the read-only. or write-protected, or its