Technical Reference Product and the and instrallation of the Application Information to the and necessary information when to the North/South America
of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The of this to without Please the information. While every the of this Corporation responsibility or from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation and other countries/regions.
to The this their of as below. the following the WARNING CAUTION WARNING You follow to serious information that to to the or of of physical of causing physical of causing information information that to to or malfunction. information and To of shock, this or thunderstorm or the with Doing shock. the with to fire or shock. or to the heavy top of the and the heating that the to the the to the specified to fire or shock. the the to fire.
WARNING CAUTION immediately or to fire. Immediately the and or service to this yourself. or this with this or fire. allow to the to fire. If or other this to to fire. the immediately and or service If the DIP switch cover, to the cover and the screw the DIP switch. this with the cover fire or shock. containing or around this Doing fire. other than those this or fire. to this firm, The or this locations to high or and or fire. heavy top of this or this or causing and injury. To this
Restriction of this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this About this of the This created to information and of The of the following Chapter Product Chapter Application Information Chapter
Product This chapter features and specifications of the The TM-S1000 that functions business such as Processing Can characters (E13B, CMC7) Can the of both of Can and OCR A/B Can recording the front or back of Can the (IQA* function) Can the IQA Quality Conforms to the of FSTC Services sheet feeding the ASF Sheet Detection of Function the counter sounds allow to informed of TM-S1000 API easy Product
Cartridge Can reading
Product There and the feeding the and the the feed and the of they which ejected. the of that Sheet Processing Interface USB interface (USB EDG You to the ASF to automatically. information about "Processing The specified when USB Full-Speed. feed Chapter Product You to the SF to automatically. One
AC C) switch cover USB (length: EFC-01) (English) CD* The following items included the CD: TM-S1000 TM-S1000 TM-S1000 (PDF) AC
and Functions ASF SF The (ASF) (SF) Chapter Product cover cover cover
cover cover Switch the or off. CAUTION Switch the switch cover that with the TM-S1000 the to of the switch, to and to the appearance of the To the when the switch cover thin (such as the of the the switch cover and the switch. WARNING switch cover switch turning the to that the AC connected to the supply. If with the switch attached, the immediately. fire or shock. LED
LED POWER LED Lights when the supply when the supply turned off. ERROR LED Lights or flashes when the offline. Lights the turned or (offline). when the ready. Flashes when or when about the operation the ERROR LED flashes as shown below. POWER LED Chapter Product ERROR LED DOCUMENT LED
DOCUMENT LED Lights when the ready to the ASF/SF or while the when the insertion. the Connectors to the the of the supply the supply USB the with the interface. USB the USB the USB the from off. The offline the following (including with the interface) the ready the cover the cover occurred. the ERROR LED flashes as shown below. USB USB supply
Processing The TM-S1000 that with to the Processing High-speed Confirmation Confirmation with Without The With The while the the the and the reading "Reading Operation" information about the TM-S1000 API Reference The without from feeding ejecting reading the and from PC to processing. feed Product
Processing The the of that the feed when the the following High-speed Confirmation of the following items with the waveform MICR IQA with the The It the (including the and of Driver/Application The while the HDD. One or Both Either or both One or Both or both One or Processing
High-speed Confirmation with Confirmation of the following items with the waveform MICR IQA with only the The It the (including the and of Driver/Application The while the HDD. One or Both One or Both One or One or Chapter Product Either or both or both Processing
High-speed Confirmation with Confirmation of the following items with the waveform MICR IQA with only the The It the (including the and of Driver/Application The while the HDD. One or Both Either or both One or Both Either or both One or One or Processing
Reading The reading the when the the following High-speed Confirmation of the following items with the waveform MICR IQA with the Driver/Application The without One or Both from feeding reading the ejecting and from PC to processing. One or Reading operation Either or both reading the ejecting and the reading Chapter Product
The following with the both the and With Without Ejection Ejects to the Ejects to the the the With Without Each based the shown below. Ejection High-speed Confirmation feeding Incorrect insertion feeding Incorrect insertion feeding Incorrect insertion waveform MICR IQA If the function with the the of the the the to the other The feeding with the and thickness The feed with the when than the path. feeding Incorrect insertion waveform MICR IQA feeding Incorrect insertion waveform MICR IQA feeding Incorrect insertion waveform MICR IQA
There cover and other with of them the ASF/SF (A) This located the path. It when the ASF/SF. the the DOCUMENT LED lights (B) This located the path. It internal processing, includes function detecting of the the of or the (C) This located the path. It internal processing, includes function of the the of or the (D) This located the path. It when reached the section. The shows the feed Chapter Product C
(E) This located the path. It whether properly ejected and nearly (F) This located the It whether the to nearly (G) the This located the It whether the to cover (H) This the opening/closing of the cover. The offline when the cover It back when the cover closed. cover (I) This the opening/closing of the cover. The offline when the cover It back when the cover closed. The the nearly when the thickness of the the the or of whose thickness without or roughness). To the the that when detected. information about the the TM-S1000 API Reference The the nearly when the thickness of the the the specified or of whose thickness without or roughness). To the the that cessing when detected. information about the the TM-S1000 API Reference
Other (J) This whether the or (K) The the and the operation achieved the The the of the switch (L) the The and switch switching the of each of the This the of the switch board. (M) This located the ASF/SF. It the of the which thickness (N) the This the and thickness to whether or detected, to MICR and that read, and to and Chapter Product
Counter The TM-S1000 the counter to the following counts. Reading count of count of count of switch count the Product operation Hour Reading count: Counts the of read. count: Counts the of that the the ASF/SF switches from the closed to the count: Counts the of that the switch count: Counts the of that the switched from the to the Product operation Counts the of hours that the Counter Counter type Unit of of of of of Hour
There types: recoverable and Recoverable Processing when recoverable They recovered easily the off and then or recovery command from the the of the of the following the and operation. operation. operation. switch operation. LED Approx.5120ms Chapter Product Recovery the or and of the TM-S1000 API or off/on the
the CIS. Reading when the to the the instead of ejecting reading or ASF/SF feeding Too short/long the detected. the and of the TM-S1000 API or off/on the If the the feeding. path, and of the TM-S1000 API with covers closed or off/on the of the following the high-speed feeding detected. Other than correctly detected. detected. the The recovery only recoverable recoverable LED Recovery Approx.5120ms the and of the TM-S1000 API or off/on the the and of the TM-S1000 API or off/on the the cover, the and of the TM-S1000 API or turn off/on the
Unrecoverable Processing when The repaired. CAUTION Memory R/W R/W the correctly. High The supply high. The supply CPU The CPU incorrect correctly. Communication correctly. with the TM-J9000/J9100 With of the the TM-J9000/J9100 the TM-S1000 with API the TM-S1000. Turn off the immediately when information about the from the TM-J9000/J9100, the API Reference Chapter Product LED Approx.5120ms
Product Specifications Processing the or the feed the specified) ASF/SF supply of sheets that loaded) MICR Reading OCR Supported E13B each without IQA or feed CPU At least or the IQA or without IQA: At least or the Memory without IQA or feed At least MB or the operating feed IQA or without IQA: At least MB or the operating HDD of than MB (with the installed) Microsoft Service .NET .NET or Interface USB Supported Supported E13B, CMC7 (Alphabetic characters supported.) Microsoft XP Service Service Microsoft Service Microsoft Service C++ .NET: C++ .NET C++ C# .NET C# .NET ASF sheets or SF OCR A, OCR More than pasted. graphics, and
sheets or (when the thickness or the thickness or including warps. (EFC-01) DC24 Interface USB sheets (W D) feed Approximately Approximately inch the of (based MTBF hours (A as occurring the MCBF based relating to wear and to the of and to the of or (when the thickness or the thickness or including Product
Specifications CIS (Black and White) JPEG TIFF, JPEG, BMP, Scanning (W H) (*fixed) (*fixed) with IQA Quality FSTC Services the the to the TM-S1000 the and the to the to the TM-S1000 Scanning in/s} inch when the TM-S1000 The TIFF of CCITT-Group conforms to ANSI X9.100-181-2007. Black and White Black and White* TIFF* BMP
Specifications Normal only) (H L) only) Thickness Weight that the the top warps, or Since the and reflective that or translucency the as shown the below. Chapter Product where and translucency prohibited. where and the reflection of the or [Units:
Scannable the and the below. The the indicated the below the length: to the of MICR character length: or height: height: [Units: typical.
MICR MICR length: MICR length: of or Chapter Product [Units: [Units: [Units:
Characteristics supply AC C 1.0A Conditions 40C 104F}, RH without the operating and below.) Mean: Approximately 0.2A (Factory rated 60C 140F}, RH without hours or {-4F} or 60C {140F}) 70C {158F} (This operation or [%RH] C
and Approximately Approximately Approximately The the Chapter Product [Unit:
This chapter and of the Flow of This chapter consists of the following sections with the flow of the Connecting the to the the You this Notes The horizontally. the locations. catch or allow the the to while operating. This readings. the Connecting the Unit the of the DIP switch the cover. Chapter
Connecting the to the the to USB the TM-S1000 included the CD. the TM-S1000 started, the USB from the to the USB USB Starting the TM-S1000 the USB to to the TM-S1000 connecting the to If the connected to the USB the New displayed. that the and the TM-S1000 to the USB to the USB that included with the the USB the USB as shown the below to the from off. USB USB
Connecting the Unit the AC C as the supply WARNING the supply turned off and the supply from the the of the supply the 24V supply CAUTION the AC C as the supply shock and fire. Should the AC C, immediately off the to the and the supply from the supply to the supply from the whenever or the supply to the to to the supply or the the supply the rated of the the supply that the rated of the supply Doing to both the supply and the the DC from the AC C, the supply from the supply then the arrow-marked section of the and straight Chapter
Application Information This chapter information useful Software and The following software and TM-S1000 API This API of the TM-S1000. of API helpful troubleshooting. provided. TM-S1000 to internal information about the and Download Software and from of the following URLs. customers North America, to the following other to the following Software The TM-S1000 and the TM-S1000 included the CD that included with the and follow the on-screen instructions. Chapter Application Information TM-S1000 API Reference TM-S1000 .NET API Reference TM-S1000
TM-S1000 The TM-S1000 the and troubleshooting. With the TM-S1000 Utility, the of the the and MICR cleaning. Functions of the You the following functions the TM-S1000 Utility. information the internal information of the TM-S1000 Product Remote installed/not of type the USB of USB of the the PC information OS TM-S1000 .NET USB CPU and memory information Save/Reading obtained information the the obtained from Scan and the MICR character Scan and the the feed Clean the MICR information about the TM-S1000 Utility, the TM-S1000
This chapter basic of the Turning On/Off Press the switch to turn the or off. switch switch cover If the switch attached the switch, pointed of the of the cover to the switch.
the the the cover to the cover. the when the of the "Cleaning the or the covers processing. MICR or the of the the cover with of cover
the the cover to the the cover when the with and the Cartridge" or "Removing cover
Cartridge Notes the Cartridge the of the reach of the permanently clothing. recommends Products of other the and and the to the specified performance the from the immediately its installation. Leaving the of its prolonged of the within months from the of indicated the of the with or ordinances, and and the Cartridge Follow these to the first or to the cover. the If the the top of the and the of the
from the top, and clicks the cover clicks Chapter
the ASF/SF the ASF/SF allows to straight. the ASF/SF necessary. to the enough to the the the ASF/SF
Processing The TM-S1000 of the following four actions the of both the and the back, reading characters, and Flow of Processing the section. Checks" The the of the and back. The reads the characters the The section The to the "Ejecting Checks" Notes Processing that the specification. Specifications" or other that the the corners), or with or other attached. the covers while Chapter
the feed to the ASF to automatically. the feed the SF to automatically. the neatly the bottom-right as shown the below that they straight with their (the which characters printed) facing the ASF, as shown the below. If the without they or or incorrect feeding of to of the the feeding. there or MICR reading the covers while
feed straight with its (the which characters printed) facing the SF, as shown the below. the to the the the SF. than the SF. or incorrect feed- of to of the the feeding. there or MICR reading the covers while
Ejecting the ejected, the than the specified of the while sheets, the the sound to
Cleaning Cleaning the If the of the from or the of the Clean the every months or every Follow these to the the cover. Lightly the shown the below with cloth. the of the smeared with grease or other with cloth lightly CAUTION the cover clicks the synthetic or other cleaning. Doing apply directly to the of the It recommended to the once or once every reading Chapter
Cleaning the MICR Unit the MICR character reading Clean the MICR every months or every the the CD-ROM included with the or to the MICR KIC Products cleaning KW2663-CS1B15WS EPSON CAPTURE ONE WAFFLE WS CLEANING CARDS 15/BOX)." CAUTION cleaning sheets. They or to of cleaning sheets. information cleaning the the or It recommended to clean the MICR once or once every reading It recommended to the cleaning the MICR "Cleaning the
the or to the the and the Follow the below to the Turn off the Confirm that POWER LED off. the supply the and the ASF/SF the the upright. Chapter