Copy Scan to Transparency USB interface USB interface DC cover light Scan to PDF Specifications type Photoelectric Effective or inches US or A4 Scanning with to and to internal Interface One USB (USB Light White cathode Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches Perfection V200 Perfection V200 or
Perfection V200 the the AC or the back of the information. Rated DC Rated operating stand-by off AC (A391UC) Rated input AC to Rated input Rated to Rated DC Rated to F to C) to F to C) to without to without Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, near light or USB Interface Interface type Universal Specification Revision Interface second) and second) of Revision Connector type One and EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Perfection V200 AC UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class the using the buttons, Scan and the other software that with the the buttons, the on-screen Function the once while the off. Copy The Copy Scan to Scan then the appears. Scan to PDF The Scan to PDF appears. or heavy the and the with too force. the cover. the the cover. If instructions. Scan once while the the off seconds while the (You the off when the software
or face-down the the of the or photo the front right of the to the arrow inch from the and the of the scanned. If the of the and slightly to of inch If once, each photo least inch from the others. the cover that of inch the clean. the of as they to the or Thick or thick the cover the that the the cover. the cover straight the the with the cover to finished scanning, the cover. Perfection V200 Perfection V200
Perfection V200 or the To or to the from the cover. This the to or the cover and the to microfiber cloth to the and the or Transparency To scanning, the section. To scanning, Perfection V200 the the cover of the the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that You to the of the when touching the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the obscured, the cover the or the the cover and hear click. the cover properly seated and the
the as shown. the the that as shown. the with the the fits the with the the the the cover. finished to the or the You to four using the of the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the obscured, the the or the the the that as shown. the with the the fits the with the the to four the with the facing should appear backwards the that should oriented as shown. the of the the as shown both and the the cover. finished to the or Perfection V200 Perfection V200
Perfection V200 the the the cover. the cover and the instructions, the the cover. the the section instructions. the the the notches the cover. the white outwards. Perfection V200 Scanning and Restoring the Restoration Scan, or with true-to-life You or as them. You Restoration Scans Home, or Professional the on-screen Professional
From or the Scans Home, or Professional clean the from or as them. the on-screen Professional Fixing the Correction Scans or Professional from that too background light. You or as them. the on-screen Correction Professional Reading the Light If the operating and the light flashes red. This the connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and connecting the to If the the to off the then If the light flashing: The malfunctioning. The to replaced. the Perfection V200 Perfection V200
Perfection V200 the the or of the to the to If the the of the follow these If the turned and connected to and the Scan to and Copy buttons the to the of the If the turned off, the to the to and about seconds the to the Then and the Scan to and Copy the to the of the Press the seconds to off the then the AC the USB from the the that with the then the its or that fits the Related The of location. CPD-23664 Perfection V200 sheet (English) CPD-23667 Perfection V200 sheet (English/French/Spanish) CPD-23666 Perfection V200 Notices (English) CPD-23669 Perfection V200 Notices (English/French/Spanish) CPD-23665 Perfection V200 Software CD-ROM (English), (includes CPD-23668 Perfection V200 Software CD-ROM (English/French/ Spanish), (includes on-screen Perfection V200
Perfection V200 Perfection V200