Specifications Copy Scan to USB interface light type Scan to PDF Photoelectric CCD Effective or inches US or A4 Scanning with to and to Scanning msec (reflective) Approximately msec Interface One USB Light White cathode Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches DC the the AC or the back of the information. Rated DC Rated operating stand-by Perfection V100 Perfection V100 or
Perfection V100 AC (A391UC) Rated input AC to Rated input Rated to Rated DC Rated to F to C) to F to C) Humidity to without to without Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, light or USB Interface Interface type Universal Specification Revision Interface second) and second) of Universal Revision Connector type One and EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AC UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class Perfection V100 the the buttons, Scan and the other software that with the the buttons, the Function Scans and the Copy Scans and the to the Copy Utility. Scan to Scans and with the attached. Scan to PDF Scans or and as PDF or heavy the and the with too force. the cover. the the cover. If instructions.
or photo the the the of the or photo the of the to the arrow inch from the and the of the scanned. If the of the and slightly to of inch If once, each photo least inch from the others. of inch the cover that the clean. the of as they to the or Thick or thick the cover the that to the the cover. the cover straight Perfection V100 Perfection V100
Perfection V100 the cover to the without the cover, to finished scanning, the cover. or the To or to the from the cover. This the to or the cover and gently the to microfiber cloth to the or To scanning, the section. To scanning, Perfection V100 the the cover of the the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the of the or to the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the obscured, the cover the the the cover and hear click.
the as shown. the the that as shown. the with the the fits the with the the the the cover. finished to the or the You to four the of the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, dusty, or covered If the obscured, the cover the the the the that as shown. the with the the fits the with the the to four the with the facing should appear backwards the that should oriented as shown. the of the the as shown both and the the cover. finished to the or Perfection V100 Perfection V100
Perfection V100 the the the cover. the cover and the instructions, the the cover. the the section instructions. the the the notches the cover. the white outwards. Perfection V100 Scanning and Restoring the Restoration Scan, or with true-to-life You or as them. You Restoration Scans Home, or Professional the on-screen Professional
From or the Scans Home, or Professional clean the from or as them. the on-screen Professional Fixing the Correction Scans or Professional from that too background light. You or as them. the on-screen Correction Professional Reading the Light If the operating and the light flashes red. This the connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and connecting the to trying these the then back If the light flashing: The malfunctioning. The to replaced. the on-screen Perfection V100 Perfection V100
Perfection V100 the the or of the to the to the the of the If the and connected to the to the If the turned off and the the the to and about seconds the to to the the AC to the off. the that with the then the its or that fits the Related CPD-21602 Perfection V100 CPD-21603 Perfection V100 Notices CPD-21600R1 Perfection V100 Software CD-ROM CPD-21944 Information About Perfection V100 (HTML CD-ROM) Perfection V100