Perfection V19/V39
these sections to learn about the basic of and Lights the cover
(beneath
USB topic:
and Lights the The PDF The The The The light topic: Related Light The upright
the upright.
the from the back of the clicks
the the
To the the back of the topic:
the the Follow the instructions to originals the top of or its cover as writing to the While the Thick You originals directly the heavy the and the with too force, or the the or they to the
the cover.
facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. The of inch from the and top If or another
While the Scan, the of about inch from the top and Manually from the to the cover to topic: the Related Scanning You originals directly the while the heavy the and the with too force, or the the or they to the You or thick when the
the cover.
facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. The of inch from the and top If or using thumbnail another
Scan, the of about inch from the top and the cover and to topic: the Related the
Thick Scanning If or other thick the cover. the cover the and straight the facedown the Press to it and the as finished scanning, the cover the that topic: the
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan from You or and them as Scan Selecting Scan Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan from Starting Scan the Scan Scanning with and Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You This reassign the buttons to selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or the
Press of the following The PDF the Scan to PDF originals directly to PDF The Scan and or to The the Copy and connected to The Scan and The Scan topic: Starting Scan Related the While the
Scan Scanning to PDF the as Copy Related topics Scanning to Destinations Scan Selecting Scan You or the and actions each You this using the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or Software OS the Applications Software and You this: the and action each as necessary.
Starting Scan the Scan Click to the topic: Starting Scan from You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan scanning software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
Scanning with and You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan with or (OS X), the the specify. You preview, and the as necessary.
The the software the information or of the following to or (OS X): to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and You this: Click the Scan
You this: If to that created instead, from the the or the and the of these If selected EPSON Scan the Scan Scan Screen the Scan instead of the Scan displayed to the information or If to of the following: the Scan the Scan the top of the Scan and choose EPSON Scan Click the Scan Choose the Scan and displayed to
Starting Scan from Scanning OS the Scan the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select displayed to and OK If selected You of the Scan Click Scan You of the or (OS X) You to the Scan to the or (OS X) If to originals and them to the the button, from and through the and them as necessary. Click of the Destination to choose where to (If of the below, the arrow to the icons.) the chose, OK or to the operation. topic: Starting Scan You Scan from to and the the and its option. instructions.)
Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and You Scan this: the instead of the Scan Select options as necessary.
Selecting Scan Scan topic: Starting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You options. You based the type of scanning. You and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office
Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Professional Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. Scan and as the
You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the options, the the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly using this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and as the
You this the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Selecting Scan Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or scanning If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only).
You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To the of the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light.
Scanning Office from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where the and that match Select the to
Selecting Scan Office Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. The the select. This of or Black White. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Professional Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan Professional
Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white with of Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Dropout The the select. This of or Black White. the red, or the the when the To continuously, the the and You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the
Selecting Scan Professional graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected displays as thumbnails with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the using Scan's to increase the
You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan Related topics Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the
Scanned and Optional Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the quality. (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the
Scanning Scanning to Destinations Scan TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan software offers options to Scanning to Destinations Scan Restoring Colors as You Scan Scanning to SharePoint or Service Scanning as Scanning One (Stitching Scanning to PDF the as Copy topic: Scanning You or and them to and other such as photo-sharing or Scan. Scanning Scan
Scanning Scan Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to JPEG TIFF and topic: Scanning You Scan to easily the and them to or other With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR scanning software. To Scan, U.S. or scanning. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and Scan Select and OK necessary. (other Click or and or Select Software and Scan and OK necessary. OS the Applications Software and Scan Select and OK necessary. Press the the
You this: Click the Scan Click Scan the that appears to The displayed the Scan with To the of the the the of the the and the To the the and of the the Scan information these each to
Scanned to scanning, of the to the You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to You account with Scan and to Scan using Easy Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication to account. To the option
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) to to account, and If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to checkbox and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication account. Click to allow Scan to to account. authentication Copy the authentication the Please authentication field and OK
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) the to account, and If to directly Select option the the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and to only). Scan Scan. Click the
You this: You with Scan. If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to Select from the If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the account information the and option the the Briefcase to the Briefcase appear the the field. If the of existing the to that If the with that created.
Scanned to If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the URL the field. the information the and If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Uploading Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to and them Scan. With Scan Microsoft and Mail/Windows If of these applications, Scan the the Scan Scan. Click the You this:
Scanned to With OS X, and the If already Scan, them the Destination field. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options of the following: Click to choose the where to the Then OK to the to the and or to the operation. OS If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and Then or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
JPEG You this: Select the the from the or If there options the selected and the options Click or the field to choose the where to the Click OK to the to the or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You from the following the JPEG Scan.
The the operating the The Quality increases with higher OS X) Encoding the Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan from the top to the when displayed then with higher
TIFF and You from the following the TIFF Scan. The the operating the operating where the used. the and Color/Grayscale and B&W The increases with higher quality. Embed ICC Profile the ICC (information of to the that software the of the using the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Scanning to SharePoint or Service You the as them using Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning You or (OS X) to to SharePoint or service. of the following to or (OS X): to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then
OS the Applications the Software and You this: Click the Scan Select displayed to the information or Click Scan You of the or Click of the service Destination to choose where to (If of the below, the service software or to the arrow to the icons.) Microsoft SharePoint only)
Scanning as Microsoft OneNote You the information to the If previously created the from the then OK or the originals and to the indicated topic: Scanning You only) to originals as You where the to or the of The the software the information with or where to of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then
You this Click the Scan Select displayed to the information Click Scan You of the Click of the Destination to choose where to (If of the below, the arrow to the Click Separation Select Apply Separation and Separation
Scanning One (Stitching Select the to the and OK Select and OK or originals as specified. topic: Scanning You both of or with ArcSoft Scan-n-Stitch (Perfection V39). of the following to ArcSoft Scan-n-Stitch to the Apps and Scan-n-Stitch (other Click or and or Select ArcSoft Scan-n-Stitch then Scan-n-Stitch You this: Follow the instructions the to and stitch them together. topic: Scanning
Scanning to PDF You to PDF Format) the PDF You the following options as to PDF: Scan to PDF Scan to PDF searchable PDF scanning. Press the PDF You this Click
You this Select the the type of scanning. Select the and Select of the Click
You this To of the PDF Format the
You this Select of the following options the to the of PDF to To PDF of the with To PDF of of Select to the of each the field. with to PDF of each. To searchable PDF the Text and searchable PDF then the of the
Scan to PDF Click OK Click to the Scan to PDF Click the Scan Scan Choose of the following options the If If to the Scan and the finished, Scan the the selected Scan to PDF topic: Scanning You these options the Scan to PDF Not the Select the Option to Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics.
the as Copy Dropout The the select. This of or Black White. the red, or the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning to PDF You with connected to would the Copy Utility, or reduce, and of other as of the following to Copy Utility: to the Apps and Copy (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then Copy OS the Applications the Software and Copy Press the the
You this: Click the Scan
You this: If the from the Scan automatically. If previously Scan, Select to the information Scan
Click Scan You of the Copy You to the Scan to the thumbnail. If would to originals and them to the Scan the selecting the and clicking the buttons the of the the image(s) to and the Choose from the and Click to the information Copy Click to selected topic: Scanning
Cleaning and Transporting Cleaning Transporting these sections to or Cleaning Transporting To its should clean or thinner to the or or other the or the the of the with force and to scratch or the the the USB Clean the with cloth with and If the dirty, clean with cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of cloth to off directly the that builds the of the topic: Cleaning and Transporting If to or as
the the the of the If the the the and the to the the USB the its or with cushioning around the turning the when topic: Cleaning and
Light these sections to Light Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Software Where to You with the light. Light The light
Scanning Not Turn On or Unexpectedly Light On The turned and ready to Flashing The or the light to flashing turning off the Flashing occurred. the following: the to to it The turned off. topic: these with Not Turn On or Unexpectedly Not Work as Expected Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan Scanning Scan topic: If the turn or off unexpectedly, these the USB securely connected to the the directly to the The properly when connected through USB the USB that with the seconds the to and the light to software correctly. If the light flashing, off the then If the the malfunctioning.
Not Work as Expected Scanning Software Not Correctly If OS and another to (including the automatically. Scan to turn the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Software OS If the buttons the or the action, these Scan correctly. If necessary, and the assigned to the buttons and them, necessary. With or XP, the the and and Sound and Select the and XP: Double-click right-click the and Click the and action selected. the buttons selected the Select and that this selected. topic: Scanning Related Scan Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Software OS If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. the turned
Scan Scanning the the and If operating software, the directly to the The properly when through USB If using that the selected as the or Source topic: Scanning If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected such as or If and Scan. If connected the using USB directly to or through only USB of Scan If both and If operating Scan, If that the selected as the or Source topic: Scanning If becomes try these Scan the operating If high- than the such as USB If necessary, increase memory. topic: Scanning
Scan Scanned Quality Consists of If using the Scan, the following: using or Professional If the to Photograph topic: Scanning Related Scanning Scanning Professional these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Characters Conversion to Text (OCR) topic: If consists of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges topic: Scanned Quality If of appears clean the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality
Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down If too try these these Scan and Brightness Click then the and these Scan Continuous Click Recommended to the to its the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality using the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. If oriented correctly this option, the and
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not when newspapers, or art, or than inches topic: Scanned Quality Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the Click then the and the to match or Select JPEG or TIFF as the the Click and Embed ICC Profile topic: Scanned Quality Related Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. the using the Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Edges Cropped Characters Conversion to Text (OCR) to Uninstall Software Uninstalling Software If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the While the If characters OCR try these straight. these Scan and try Select Text the the Threshold the and If OCR software, the topic: Scanned Quality If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface
Uninstalling Software OS the following to each of software then follow on-screen instructions: to the Apps and and Select the software and click Uninstall/Change or the Select and and Uninstall Select the software and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select the software and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the the the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. topic: to Uninstall Software
Where to If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. other software the that software technical Purchase and You purchase (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the GO-EPSON topic:
Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications USB Interface Specifications and Specifications these with Microsoft XP Service or Interface USB topic: Technical Specifications these using with OS Interface USB Scan the UNIX (UFS) OS X. Scan or that UFS. user switching OS supported.)
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches US or A4 Scanning to and internal Interface One USB LED Light topic: Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Scanning restricted with to
Specifications Specifications USB Interface Specifications the the information. supply USB DC Rated input Rated input topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, light or topic: Technical Specifications Interface type Specifications Revision second) and second) of Universal Specifications Revision Connector type One Ready off to F to C)
and Specifications topic: Technical Specifications United States EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions Products Restrictions Copying Copyright Notice Follow these instructions when and the these instructions, and follow and instructions the the enough to the the interface to reach easily. with connecting this to or other with the of the Each the both connected the as they or of shock the that the of the If the the least inches the back of the and the of them correctly following the of authority. them. or the or heat or locations to shocks, high or humidity, sunlight, light or or humidity. or to the or option as specifically this
Products Restrictions Copying Warning: The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) USB The USB should to and top of the USB and allow the to or to the USB straight the the and the USB and servicing to service the following the the or the the normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions.) topic: Notices This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Notices the following to and of Copying of the following items government-issued government and Unused postcards, and other official items Government-issued and issued to when copying the following items: monthly Passports, warrants of food Copying these items prohibited
Copyright Notice Restriction and You or otherwise to the of software included with this topic: Notices EPSON and Perfection and EPSON of Corporation. Macintosh, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Copyright Attribution Inc. CPD-42186 topic: Copyright Notice