Copy Scan to cover light cover Scan to PDF Specifications Transparency type Photoelectric CCD Effective or inches US or A4 Perfection V350 Perfection V350 USB interface DC or using cover
Perfection V350 Scanning with to and to Scanning msec (reflective) Approximately msec Interface One USB Light White cathode Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches the the AC or the back of the information. Rated DC Rated operating stand-by AC (A391UC) Rated input AC to Rated input Rated to Rated DC Rated Perfection V350 to F to C) Humidity to without Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, light or USB Interface Interface type Universal Revision Interface second) and second) of Universal Revision Connector type One and EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AC UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class the the buttons, Scan and the other software that with the the buttons, the Function Scans and the or Copy Scans and the or to the Copy Utility. Scan to Scans and with the or attached. Scan to PDF Scans or and as PDF to F to C) to without
or heavy the and the with too force. the cover. the the cover. If it instructions. or the the the of the or the of the to the arrow inch from the and the of the scanned. If the of the it and slightly to of inch If once, each photo least inch from the others. the that the clean. the of as they to the Perfection V350 Perfection V350 of inch
Perfection V350 or Thick to or thick the to its highest or the cover the as below, that to the the cover. the cover straight the cover to the without the cover, to finished scanning, the cover. or Removing the To or to the from the cover. This the to or Perfection V350 the cover and the to microfiber cloth to the or To scanning the the section. To scanning the To scanning, the the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the of the or to the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the obscured, the cover the the
the as shown. Scanning the first of the the the that it as shown. the B the fits the B the Scanning the of the the from the then with the first. the the that as shown below. the cover. finished to the or the The Perfection V350 with the cover that automatically. the however, these to or the The The The and to to The least than The or the The or The If there the from the off the with the If to that these the instead. the Perfection V350 Perfection V350
Perfection V350 Scan and turned the the cover. nothing the Press and release the back of the cover to the and the Perfection V350 the whenever the the otherwise, it the with its facing and the should appear backwards the that the the of the when the to If slightly the that straightens the of the or to the otherwise the of the otherwise, If the feed the seconds and the the cover, the or the cover scanning. If the light flashing red, ready to the section.
Ejecting scanning, follow these to the from the Press the the the light the automatically. off the ejecting If the and the the back and the cover. If the light flashing red, finished scanning to the or photos. the You the of the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the the cover the the the the that as shown. the the fits the the or the with the facing should appear backwards the that should oriented as shown. the of the the as shown both and the cover. finished to the or Perfection V350 Perfection V350
Perfection V350 the the the cover. the cover and the the the cover. the the section instructions. the the the notches the cover. the white outwards. Perfection V350 Scanning and Restoring the Restoration Scan, or with true-to-life You or as them. You Restoration Scans Home, or Professional the on-screen Professional
From or the Scans Home, or Professional clean the from photo, or as them. the on-screen Professional Fixing the Correction Scans or Professional from that too background light. You or as them. the on-screen Correction Professional Reading the Light If the operating and the light flashes red. This the connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and connecting the to the and then back If the light flashing: The malfunctioning. The to replaced. the on-screen Perfection V350 Perfection V350
Perfection V350 Transporting the the or of the to the to the the of the If the and connected to the to the scanning. If the turned off and the the the to and about seconds the to to the the AC to the off. Disconnect the USB the that with the then the its or that fits the snugly. Related CPD-21605 Perfection V350 CPD-21604 Perfection V350 Notices CPD-21600R1 Perfection V350 Software CD-ROM CPD-21944 Information About CPD-21749 Precautions Perfection V350 (HTML CD-ROM) Perfection V350