EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and EPSON service and and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Printed Printed the U.S.A. CPD-12796 Copyright America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice
EPSON that offer to ANSI of brightness. From to and bright and ordinary lighting. of or Three 0.9-inch ratio incredibly and clear to theater-quality performance. With technology, the displays from VGA through UXGA and from VGA through SXGA You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. You of the following VCR, DVD player, or NTSC, PAL, or SECAM
the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to to PC or or To to or workstation, A. Connecting to You DVD VCR, or other to You both and the and easily switch them. instructions. the The switch from to with to and other features. Chapter the as wireless This through computer-based (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, to the built-in or other You or to the
To the to and fast, the that This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about Reading This CD-ROM includes of this You to with when the To to the CD-ROM CD-ROM the and or the this first You to through the Click the of the of the to to the topic of the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through the previous If from the CD-ROM.
You to software to If and the to to to related topic. information, More Information How about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. Includes warranty brochures, CD-ROM, and EPSON this the and the with the instructions to and connected to or from the the or the Download and to EPSON CD-ROM The EPSON CD-ROM and includes the of this as as to
If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included customers who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight the brochure To the CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and products, and services. You through the or or the to or
RCA AV USB PS/2 the the the shown below: A/V R/C ON OFF to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying (such as the optional from EPSON). information about EPSON CD-ROM to PS/2 MOUSE
Additional to the To (One with To through the sound or to this and the shown from EPSON; to VGA to the as wireless If USB to the
Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product and ELPLP14 Soft carrying Samsonite wheeled shoulder shoulder ATA mount ELPMB32 MicroSaver security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch Insta-Theatre 80-inch Insta-Theatre Wireless microphone and ELPCVS1 ELPPAS1 (includes ELPAP01 and VGA to 13W3 connecting to ELPKC06 high-end workstations) You purchase these from or EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epson.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS35 ELPKS31 ELPKS32 ELPKS30 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
the his chapter to the and to or If to the to or workstation A. instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
Dont or the the or Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the the within of grounded or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. to the front of the as as the and the to This the the front of the the and enough to the to to the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to from
If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the the as the chapter. If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the height the the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON;
To to and other A. If with RCA follow the instructions to the location of the to the Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and Connecting the and the turned off. of the to the the other of the to or If and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; the screws the
If to other and instructions. Connecting the Remote the as wireless through slideshow-style such as from to This to and the whether round or USB the whether round PS/2 or USB of the to the or USB as shown. PS/2 USB the other of the to the or USB Mouse/Com Mouse/Com USB PS/2 USB the If using that round to the
the If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. Amplifying its own sound however, If or sound to of the built-in and You from or of the to the the the other of the to headphone or locations which to If to other and turn instructions.
Connecting to Sources You DVD VCR, or other to The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the RCA A/V included with the If (as shown with the right), to higher which included with or purchased from or Follow the instructions below type of Connecting the RCA A/V the and DVD or other turned off. the of the A/V to the Then the to the and right the white the and the the the the other of the to the and RCA A/V the The TV
the Connecting If it to higher which included with or purchased. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the other the of the RCA A/V to the and right the (Match the and white to the and white to the the the other of the to the
the the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter or A. Then as below, connected to You turn and both and connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the of the to the the other to grounded The light top of the indicating that the turned the the to the and the light
the and the Press the top of the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light light the with the The heat the the warning the when the This and the
the of the following: If using or should only: If that found If the Source top of the to switch to and the DVD player or other If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and from overheating. What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as or other the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting Press the Source top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the
If You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the isnt to of the Click the necessary. as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) the
the If using PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the computers might to the the to that both the LCD and or the Once to To or If the too high or too If the isnt
Focusing and the to the the to the and reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the Height of If the too the the the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the attached to the If the the section. the the this the
the the If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or of If or the to the of the correction, slightly You correction the
the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the the and the cord. If VCR or other off off the and the the that with or protective light the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the To the or the when the light or flashing the
the
the Remote features from anywhere the to You to the and off, of and highlight If using and connected the (as Chapter or A), the as wireless This chapter covers the following information: Turning and the the and sound Highlighting the as wireless the Remote
batteries, the following Dont and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the of A/V R/C ON OFF on/off switch light the Remote Turning On and the the to its and as below. Follow these to or the batteries: Press the to release the cover. the cover and the AA included with the as shown. the cover. Turning On the Then the on/off switch the of the to turn If to the the round light The other the should light temporarily. If they to the as Turn off the or This the from something of the buttons.
the the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to the following instructions. to the to the Press the of the with thumbor and and the to To buttons, the cover below the button, as shown below: the Remote
A/V R/C ON OFF the Remote the and Sound You the to the temporarily off the and sound, the action, the or and connected as Chapter or A. Switching Sources If connected to and the the to switch the Press the to Press the to Press the to the the appears. the If connected to the the sound thats through the To increase the the right of the button. To reduce the the of the
Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To off the the A/V button. The To the back the Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the the Press the right of the to Press the repeatedly to to four Press and the to to the the to around the necessary. Press the of the to You the repeatedly, or and to the You the to to the off or the Remote You such as the whenever the A/V instructions. action A/V R/C ON OFF
A/V R/C ON OFF the Remote the to resized to the or If of displayed, with the button. Press the the The compressed. the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If (using the the the to it to the You and the as connected VCR or other using RCA or as If to the option as Press the the The and then appears the appears the of the to and the the to the the You the to or reduce the
the located and the the The disappears, and the finished the the The Highlighting You highlight the the the You these effects to or to highlighting or Straight or You the highlighting through the instructions. the A/V R/C ON OFF freehand
You the to You the to the and of the the the You the to arrow anywhere To the the yellow arrow appears the of the the to the arrow wherever To the the the of the You then to with another around the or wherever To the pasted the To the Highlights You outline the to highlight of or To the the appears the of the This the the to the where to the Press the of the You the this of the the to the to where the of the to Press the of the You the outlined the You the repeating through To the To the
and You or the to or highlight To the or the the appears the of the This the the to the where to the To the of the the of the You the the to the where the to Press the of the You the as shown the right. You the repeating through To the the To the The freehand and to anywhere the To the freehand the the appears the of the the to the where to Press the of the to and then the of the to around and To or the of the the Remote You the Effect to the and both and freehand
A/V R/C ON OFF to left-click, to right-click, the Remote You the repeating through To the To the freehand the Remote as the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the connected the the and as or other To the the the the and the of the with thumbor it and and the to This the To (or left-click), the of the This To right-click, the button. To the To and the and then the to
the the to the sound, and other features. You the highlighting and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the highlighting Creating features and other information Restoring the the
the the The and the from the The the and of the It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and The the and The Effect the and the highlighting the The allows to or features such as the (P P) A/V option, and The and or which then as or with the A/V option. The Advanced including and or The About information about and or The the factory the
You the buttons the to the and Follow these To the the the You the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. Press or the to through the the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that the to through the of (If or isnt connected, options the to the the selected option. highlight. Press the to to the automatically. Press (or the to the options the A/V R/C ON OFF If to back to the and then
If repositioned the the the to the the the The to the The options the which selected: or Repositioning the Follow these to the Press the You the Press to the Press to the option. You the following the right of the the to the right, or the the
Appearance Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the to of the following Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to only) Corrects or screen the with the tracking from the Brightness or the the light and areas. the or intensity of the red, and only) the of to the Sharpness or the this ON to the Turn off to to the brightness, and the correctly, or the
the the Sound You the to the sound or Press the button. You the the to highlight You the following: Press to the the to the following options: finished the sound, or
the Highlighting The highlighting and other of annotations to as to You the to these and the highlighting. The option the highlighting to their Press the You the the to highlight You the Effect Press to the the to Cursor/Stamp and the the and choose from rounded or corners. choose the and of the choose the and of the freehand Cursor choose or high highlighting. the
the the to finished the highlighting or selection(s) Creating Screen You to the and then as the when the You it to when the A/V or as The photograph, or other to the the to the You from or such as VCR or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the You the the to highlight the Press to You the shown the Select and selection displays the
Click and using the to the of the to Once selected the the this and If to the selected, and through You the the right. the the to and then the the user and the the or other while the the the user completed, or Selecting the as the and/or the thats displayed when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). the to highlight Press to the the to highlight the to This as the when the If to as the A/V the to to A/V the to This as the displayed when the A/V finished, or the You as the Advanced to the
the To the A/V to Press to off the You the to the the and other features. Press the the to highlight You the features and their the right Press to the the to the following from to from to the
Selects the and to when the The displays that to the instructions to as the Prompt Turns off the text that appears when switch from input to A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that to the instructions to the A/V or the which the off when the input finished, or the
the Advanced You the Advanced to the or and other features. Press the the to highlight Advanced You the and their the right Press to the Advanced the to the following Select from to the Turn to the or whenever the information. the whiteness of the white; warmer white. Rear Turn to from
Turn when the mounted from the finished, or and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the to About You the hours and the right: The of the about If the shown to finished, or If the About when the to the and the the
the Restoring the The option the to their and the the to the Select to the or to
of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the top of the to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the and Transporting the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the the and the cleaning
Cleaning and the Clean the top of the hours of If cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. the to and from To the EPSON recommends using and other office If the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to included. You should the when the and Transporting the
You to hours the used. and Transporting the If to the screwdriver to off. To the first the then clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The warning light red, flashing red, or flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To brightness and the as as or EPSON the United States and ELPLP14
Follow these to the Turn off the then the cord. Allow the to cool least hour Turn the to the screwdriver to the screw the cover. (You cant the screw from the cover.) the screw off the cover. screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown, and the straight and Transporting the warning the cool If the the to injury. the of the assembly. Touching the
EPSON incurred and Transporting the Gently the Once the its screws. the cover and its screw securely. (The the cover Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first carrying (such as optional EPSON then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to carrying (such as optional EPSON If to the the carrying to off using the switch its This the from something of the buttons.
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the cover the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the or the You the Press the of the Select the (or the the to highlight of the Then the Source to Press the of the Select the (or the the to highlight the to Then the Source to the Highlight this choice Then the Source) to the Highlight and the Source to back If the to of the the of the Select the (or the the to To the the If of the to the following
What To the Lights The lights top of the the and when If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended below. The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light the connected securely both the outlet and the If the the cover securely The light or flashing the as light light light
warning as specifically this to service this yourself. The light flashing The too the F and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back the F and there of around and the The Clean or as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal EPSON
to the following of the lights and their lights Light The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and off because of internal the and EPSON The as flashing The as flashing There with the supply, or If necessary, the as flashing The too the surrounding the and there of around and the Clean the necessary. instructions. The overheating, which off the automatically. cool then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the instructions. flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter or A. restarting If connected and or to the Source the or the or the to the Allow seconds the to the
If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or or CRT/LCD On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) The Not Supported displayed. UXGA the or SXGA the and the the If necessary, as
of the displayed. Press the the the the information. correct. Ideally, should to match the the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and On the Apple choose then or and Sound Select You to existing created them software information. The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the the the the top. the or of the top of the the
The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the the using the the You to the from the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the Tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the the the Advanced to the
There sound. the Press the right of the the If using VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or or other the turned the or to this clicking the right of the the A/V The selected. Press the Source the the or the the
A/V on/off switch R/C ON OFF with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). The correctly or To the the light The other the should light temporarily. If they to the as the lights and off the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the or other To the USB PC, clean of (SR2), or The correctly from [TRUE?]
To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Service World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or EPSON Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please
A: Connecting to Additional his to the to or or high-end workstation. The following information covered: the Connecting to PC Connecting to Connecting to high-end workstation A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional the The three front or To from overhead, to the Advanced To from the rear, Rear information. If ceiling-mounting the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the Connecting to The internal enough and sound the to or (PA) If connected and the switch the whenever switch To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 which included with sound or purchased from
the and or PA turned off. the to the the RCA to the or PA the the and the white the of the Connecting to PC You the to IBM PC. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to the as Connecting optional with the to the Follow the each section the to off the and they A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the the from the the back of the of the to the the other of the to the Tighten the screws the
Connecting the To the as follow the below. whether round PS/2 or USB of the to the Mouse/Com or the USB as shown. connecting USB PS/2 from the the back of and with the other of the while using the as A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in The from or of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound
Connecting to You the to This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to as Connecting optional with the to Macintosh, the Follow the each section the to turn off the and they Connecting the Follow these to the You to the as shown. the from the the back of the Macintosh. of the to the as shown. the other of the to the the Macintosh. A: Connecting to Additional the location of the to which purchase from EPSON;
A: Connecting to Additional If to which from EPSON the screws the Connecting the To the as follow the below. If the USB the USB that with the If round ADB the of the to the USB the other of the to USB Macintosh. To the its as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the of the Then the (with the the Macintosh.
Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in The from or of the to the the the other of the to the or the Macintosh. Connecting to High-End Workstation of input to the Since the leading workstations, workstation There workstation Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or workstation. A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional
B: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. B: Notices
B: Notices the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy to the immediately Allow the to cool approximately hour removing the of the to F). Doing and the leading to
the of the to F) or sunlight of Doing to the the with the The heat the the The than active of the or constantly Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the correctly, computer-based directly from the B: Notices
B: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: LCD EMP-713, ELP-503
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing toutes B: Notices
B: Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. However, each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA B: Notices
B: Notices
C C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin (TFT) of LCD inches F=2.0 to to Brightness (ANSI) (ANSI) ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound 1W aspect ratio ratio correction C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) About hours ELPLP14 Remote AA Supports PS/2, USB, ADB to inches to inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC,
to F to C) Humidity to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC ICES003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC, 92/31/EEC EN to F to C) to RH, C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 VGA Text VGA Text SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285
Refresh Rate SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 MAC II MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM The resized that displays using of the only). The resized that it displays of the Not the C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Assignments The RGB, its assignments: GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL