cover Scan switch Transparency OPTION USB Cover and the DC inch to inches) The Perfection V750 includes mount Specifications type Photoelectric CCD Effective or US or A4 Scanning with to Perfection V700 Perfection V700 or inches four each), or inch
Perfection V700 Scanning V700 Photo: msec V750 approximately msec Approximately msec internal Light White cathode IR LED Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches the the AC or the back of the information. DC to Rated DC Rated operating stand-by AC Rated input AC to Rated input Rated to Rated DC to Rated Perfection V700 to F to C) to without Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, light or Interfaces USB Interface Interface type Specification Revision second) and second) of Universal Revision Connector type One Interface Interface type IEEE ANSI X3T10 Revision 4L (SBP-2) Connector type One and EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AC UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class to F to C) to without
Scanning or to the rights of copyright owners. published text or without first their copyright heavy the and the with too force. the cover. the the cover. If the instructions. or the the the top of the or photo the right of the If once, each least inches from the others. If or thick the cover. or Thick below instructions. the cover that the clean. the of as they to the or Thick or thick the cover. Turn off the using its the cover Perfection V700 Perfection V700
Perfection V700 the cover. the straight and off the Turn the its without the cover, to finished scanning, the cover the that Perfection V700 Scanning and Removing the To or to the from the cover. This the to or the cover connected to the OPTION or the turn off the its the cover and the to the
cloth to the and the or To or scanning, the sections below. the Strips the cover(s) the to four the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that as shown the the the of the or to the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the the cover of the the or the which the cover(s) the and them they click. Then the of the covers to them. the the that with the right and the seated the the the Removing the the cover. finished to the or the Format the cover the to the with the facing and the should appear backwards Perfection V700 Perfection V700
Perfection V700 the that as shown the the the the the of the or to the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, or covered If the obscured, the cover of the the or the which the cover the and clicks. Then the of the cover to the the that with the right and the seated the the the the Perfection V700 the cover. You to finished to the or the inch the covers the inch the the with the facing and the should appear backwards the that as shown the the the the the of the or to the otherwise the the white the back of the and the around them scratched, dusty, or covered If the the cover of the the or the which the cover the and clicks. Then the of the cover to
the the that with the right and the seated the the the the the cover. You to inch finished to the or the the You to the the white the back the and the around them scratched, dusty, or covered If the the cover of the the or the which to the with the facing should appear backwards the that as shown the the The top of should the of the as shown below. the the that with the right and the seated the of the the Removing the the cover. finished to the or the Perfection V700 Perfection V700
Perfection V700 the You that the to inch the Professional using the (with as the You DIGITAL ICE when with the the appear the the of the the the the perforated as shown. the the with the facing the of the Perfection V700 the the to inch with the facing and the should appear backwards the that the the the of the shown below uncovered or affected. the the the cover. You or when with the finished to the or the
the the the notches the cover. the white outwards. Scanning and Restoring the Restoration EPSON Scan, or with true-to-life You or as them. You Restoration EPSON Scans Home, or Professional the and Professional and Scratch From or the EPSON Scans or Professional clean the from or as them. and its EPSON Scan software with the ICE and ICE that or scratch from or DIGITAL ICE while the to DIGITAL ICE. these features, the Reading the Light If the operating and the light flashes red. This of the following The connected to properly or software the that with instructions the software and connecting the to The and/or the locked. the to the The cover connected to the OPTION the to the trying these off the its then back If the light The malfunctioning. The to replaced. The connected optional malfunctioning. the on-screen Perfection V700 Perfection V700
Perfection V700 Transporting the the or of to the and to the the using its and the to the the While the light off the its the cover and the to the Then the cover. Disconnect the interface from the Perfection V700 On the back of the the to the to the the protective that with the then the its or that fits the Related CPD-21124 Perfection V700 CPD-21125 Perfection V700 Notices CPD-21126 Perfection V700 Software CD-ROM Perfection V700 (HTML CD-ROM) CPD-21127 Perfection V750 Yopur Mount Accessory