To of this and please the following instructions completely operating this BEER COOLER BCR OWNERS MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS Warranty Information of the Instructions Instructions Cooler of Cooler Instructions of Cooler the Defrosting Converting to the and Troubleshooting
WARRANTY INFORMATION WARRANTY Advanced Appliances to the consumer-owner to or, option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. this and to such free of charge, the and operated with the Advanced Appliances written instructions with the Ready to the service, the of the owner. EXCLUSIONS the Advanced Appliances or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty of CO or or the covered. The factor the malfunctioned Advanced Appliances or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to protected this warranty family or household One the USA and
WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Advanced Appliances 900D Houston, TX www.EquatorAppliances.com Service this warranty obtained the following Authorized Service of from or Service business hours to GENERAL Since responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase the Advanced Appliances that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with the Advanced Appliances. You www.appliancedesk.com/warranty This warranty rights, and other rights which from State to Customer SERVICE SUPPORT Service: Accessories: www.appliancedesk.com
NAMES OF THE PARTS MODEL NO.: BCR500 Tower Thermostat CO CO CO included) Plate Casters with
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS instructions using the DANGER or WARNING: of To the of child please the following throwing the from the the shelves that easily throw off the the shelves that children easily allow children to with, or the products which the of of It the responsibility to comply with and when of this with The fire or or or other and the of this or other The fire or WARNING these instructions- To reduce the of fire, shock, or when Cooler, follow these
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Cooler the and to of the following Instruction CO CO CO Empty CO Hose (Red) Coupler Tower wrench Plate shelves Hose Casters with the Cooler to the upright approximately hours. This reduce the of malfunction the cooling from Clean the with cloth. Cooler This to only, and should recessed or built-in. Cooler that enough to the Cooler when loaded. Allow inches of the back and of the Cooler, which allows the to the the Cooler from and of heat heater, Direct the coating and heat increase the Cooler to properly. This porches locating the Cooler areas. the Cooler properly installed-grounded or the third (ground) from the cord. concerning and or grounding should directed or authorized service the allow the to cool hours the Cooler
This Cooler should properly grounded The of this Cooler with three-prong which with three outlets to the of shock. or the third ground from the supplied. of cords recommended. This Cooler with three-prong ground. The should the Cooler and or to the Cooler the cord. the and straight from the of the grounded the of shock. If the authorized service WARNING CO high-pressure which properly. READ and UNDERSTAND the following CO BEFORE INSTALLATION ALWAYS the CO to to with when the NEVER the CO directly to the ALWAYS follow when ALWAYS the upright NEVER or throw CO ALWAYS CO from heat. cool (preferably 70F). Securely with upright when ALWAYS and the immediately CO occurred. ALWAYS the D.O.T. the installation. If years, to NEVER there the CO GAS CAN BE DANGEROUS One or the CO One or the or the Warning Warning
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR BEER KEG the Casters the four casters with the (four screw The the front Casters. (I) (II) with Casters CASTER
the CO the the located the back the the with the and firmly. the CO the the CO the CO to the turning the washer securely wrench supplied) and there the CO located the back (top corner). to to the of the (red) the through the the CO Hose To the of the hose to the hose the hose provided. to to the the top and to to the (clear from the and the and through the top. the assembly to the top and to the with the front You accomplish this the of the to the the top and clockwise to properly the Protective Plate This plate should when the to to the of the
the the directly front of the only, the To the the the the front of the enough the front of the resting the front of the Cooler the and the the the Coupler the the locking of the and clockwise to the the closed the CO Hose Attach the of the (red) hose to the hose the hose the and there Connecting the to the washer properly the wing wing the top of the turning tight. to of the the closed and The tapped. the CO that, the secondary shut-off closed, as shown To the CO turn the counter-clockwise Notice the the to the CO The internal and should to to that: Release screwdriver, screw If increased sought, screw clockwise. rotating counter clockwise, when the operating attained, secondary off to CO flow the
Wrench wrench or the the top of the clockwise the holding the If there from the the too and to counter- clockwise (as shown) turn. That should the
DISPENSING OF BEER allow to when to straighten as the the the back. that Brand OPERATING YOUR BEER COOLER The To turn the to the Allow the to hours the hours, the to the The of from the warmest to the of the thermostat from 36F to 45F (2.2C to 38F 40F (3C and that factor to and thermostat and should To off the Cooler, the to the OFF thermometer and as or to Defrosting There to the Cooler. Defrost collects and thru the the located the where it NOTE: If the or turned off; to restarting the If to this the Cooler
Converting To Turn off the to the OFF the the CO the secondary shut-off the the the and the from the the and CO from the the the the from the CO the CO from the the tower. the thru the top of the the top as
CHANGING THE REVERSIBLE DOOR This Cooler the of the from the or right The to with the from the Should to the please follow below instructions. To to and/or property, that the process.
CARE AND MAINTENANCE Cleaning Cooler Turn the to "OFF", the Cooler, and the the with and The should about of to of the shelves and with of the or cloth when cleaning of the or the with and and with cloth. Short the Cooler operating of than three If the months, and the cord. Clean and the thoroughly. To and the slightly: necessary. Cooler the Securely items Cooler. the the Cooler the upright of Cooler with or
TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE You Cooler easily, the of service the below to the the servicer. Cooler The or blown and off frequently. The than The too The closed completely. The correctly. The properly. The Cooler the clearances. to that the Cooler The Cooler to too The from the flow of the which each hear sounds caused the flow of Contraction and of the and crackling The Cooler The properly. The Cooler The and properly The dirty. The shelves or of PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE
Advanced Appliances 900D Houston, TX www.EquatorAppliances.com SERVICE SUPPORT: www.ApplianceDesk.com to without rights