XM With Chips Continuous EPSON CX4200 Instruction of the Flow with Cartridges and Chips. You to the bottles and The whole operation easy. Its really effective to money.
Thank purchasing XM Continuous and to with products XM Continuous to without to the those Please XM the XM CIS and ready to (to the of heads). the XM CIS The XM CIS to properly the previously clogged. people the first the XM Continuous others to or three cleaning or the while they the CIS C Arm Instruction CD inspection whether the ready. whether there's of CIS whether from CISS. If there please to the C whether there the If the of than please the head or testing: whether the mechanical testing to the head to whether the Procedures: First CIS EPSON CX4200 Instruction
the CISS the the of of the the from the as the thicker the shown. the Cartridge Press the A) the to the to the the the back of the the the of (Pic.A) the cover to Then screwdriver to the cover, then C
the A); the CIS the B); the well.(Pic.C) C Supporting Arm: Tear off the A); Measure from the of the the as The right C shown Tear off the of the from the of the shown. from the of the the the the Arm and as the below shown. the the Rip the the as the from the and the
the the and the there and when the moving with there's of to the thoroughly to the The The this the the Shown(Pic A) the (Pic.A) Turn the B). Watch C
9Ninth Checking the head Head Normal testing to Head Break BreakClear the head service If there shows caused the head), please head. If shown only to repeatedly clean printer-head. the about hour, If please Procedure: If the light flashing when it that to the to Please off about and switch back You as Please to the the the below 1CM as the shown, please to bottles.
the from the holes.(there of to the supply. Then the back Please the and the the the of the cover as the below shown. the CISS including the and other Then from and the Please to Notice: Please the CIS the bottles the with the to least inch of the bottles, as to of and the Dont the Bottles higher or than the To and to sunlight. Dont the supply or the Please the and closed tightly the the Dont the frequently. It Dont the of and tear off the of Warning: Not reach of to sunshine and high or and