Product (ELPLP76) V13H010L76 (ELPAF43) V13H134A43 You purchase from authorized Where to this information. EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-38726 Printed XXXXXX buttons temporarily Switch Select Temporarily off and the or to right to their or of and to to Remote Turn the Turn the off Automatically the aspect ratio through Select to or when from the assigned user to IP and to to or G6050W/G6150/G6250W/ G6450WU/G6550WU Reference This Reference instructions and using features. the 5BNC-to-VGA Ethernet HDMI VGA DisplayPort RCA
Switching Sources Turning the On Turn or Press the Search of the or the Source Search the cover. Press the or On the light the ready. If the Direct On function the without the or the switch the to which the connected. To this the Screen the Screen to the aspect If appear, Press the Switching Sources or Troubleshooting. Select the of the Select the aspect The of the English, as necessary. The displayed should match the and Press the to the to the type, to the aspect ratio of the the input Press the Aspect the to the aspect necessary. Select and Select and Select and to Release the Turn the and the to the of the the If the the turning of the Focusing and Turn the to the Turn the to reduce/enlarge the Correcting If the the correction features such as and Corner to the the Other the to the the You information to the and (Edge when from to Turning the Press the or to the off. At the the If the Direct On function the or the switch the outlet to which the connected instead. To this the With to the to cool off or when Troubleshooting If or the the light the and flashing, and the cover the connected correctly. the You to the Switching Sources. the turned If the and the the Press the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. OS Preferences and the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support where and and troubleshooting or to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours to through and to and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Turning the On Turn or the cover. Press the or On the light the ready. function Direct On If the the without the or the switch the to which the connected. To this the If appear, Switching Sources or Troubleshooting. the of the The of the English, as necessary. to the Press the and Select and Select Select and to Correcting Turn the and Switching Sources the to the of the If the the correction features such as and Corner to the the Search Press the of the buttons or the Source Search Other the the to the the You information to the and (Edge when projecting from to Screen the to the aspect Press the Turning the Select If the the turning of the Press the or Select the aspect to the off. At the the Focusing and The displayed should match the and Turn the to the If the Direct On function the or the switch the to which the connected instead. To this the to the type, to the aspect ratio of the the input Press the Aspect the to the aspect necessary. With to the to cool off or when Turn the to the Release the Troubleshooting If or the the light the and flashing, and the cover the connected correctly. the You to the Switching Sources. the turned If the and the the Press the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. OS Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support where and and troubleshooting or to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours to through and to and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Turn the and the to the of the the lock. If the the turning of the Focusing and Turn the to the Turn the to the Switching Sources Search Press the of the buttons Source or the Search the to the aspect Press the Select Select the aspect The displayed should match the and to the screen type, to the aspect ratio of the the input Press the Aspect the to the aspect necessary. Release the Turning the On Turn or the cover. Press the or On the light the ready. function Direct On If the turn the without the or the switch the outlet to which the connected. To this the If appear, Switching Sources or Troubleshooting. the of the The of the English, as necessary. to the Press the and Select and Select Select and to Correcting Shape Where to Troubleshooting If the the correction such as Corner and to the the information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. If or the the light the and flashing, and the cover Other the connected correctly. the the features to the quality, the You information to the and (Edge when from to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support where and and troubleshooting or You to the Switching Also the turned If the and the the to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or Turning the Press the or Press the function that It CRT/LCD or such as to the off. At the the You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. Direct On If the function the or the switch the outlet to which the connected instead. To this the hours to through and to OS Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the With to the to cool off or when and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Turn the Turn the off Select Automatically the aspect ratio the through to or previous when from the assigned to IP and to to or to buttons temporarily Switch Select Temporarily off and or to right to their or of and to on-screen EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-38726 Printed XXXXXX Product (ELPLP76) V13H010L76 (ELPAF43) V13H134A43 You purchase from authorized Where to this information. G6050W/G6150/G6250W/ G6450WU/G6550WU Reference This Reference instructions connecting and features. the 5BNC-to-VGA VGA DisplayPort Ethernet RCA HDMI
Remote Turn the Turn the off Select Automatically the aspect ratio the through Select to or when from the assigned to IP and to to or to Product (ELPLP76) V13H010L76 (ELPAF43) V13H134A43 temporarily You purchase from authorized Where to this information. Switch Select Temporarily off and or to right to their or of and to on-screen EPSON, and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-38726 Printed XXXXXX G6450WU/G6550WU Reference This Reference instructions and features. the 5BNC-to-VGA G6050W/G6150/G6250W/ DisplayPort HDMI VGA RCA