Instructions Introduction Instructions Instructions Dishwasher Combination Loading the Dishwasher Selecting Starting the Dishwasher End-of-Cycle Unloading the Dishwasher and Trouble-Shooting Service and Warranty Instructions Unpacking the Dishwasher Preparation of the Preparation of the Dishwasher Water of Dishwasher the Strips Kickplate of Decorative
Introduction Congratulations dishwasher. to its winning this sophisticated that years of Please to This to purchase. of the reasons dishwasher and dishwasher about of Normal with dishwashers). The there to heated. to used, and reduced Water Heating to C). The heated to the and the and At this the The or lowered with of the rack. This that plates both and easy to With the of the top The dishwasher without to and the of that used. the lowered, plates washed. The to the top rack. This that to their loads. Concealed Water Heater The heater below the This when items from the the There of burnt items from the heating dishwasher with that the within thre which off the supply. dishwasher and the and the measured acoustic and acoustic This to the insulation and based of the dishwasher the fact, to ear to the dishwasher to hear It operating
optios There options to cover the These include and Normal, China/Crysta and (about to the and arm, from located the top of the dishwasher. The and efficiency. features The offers plate the This and The features and There to of as as bowls. There which offers
WARNING- dishwasher, follow these to reduce of fire, shock and/or to including the following: instructions the dishwasher. the dishwasher its function. or dishwasher and them of reach of items to washed: items that they to the and with the to reduce the of cut-type items they markeddishwasher or the items the the heating or immediately dishwasher properly with or the or of the dishwasher. To reduce the of allow to or dishwasher. that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE. If the such using the dishwasher and the flow This release the or this the to the when dishwasher from service or GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS This grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, grounding reduce the of shock of least This with and grounding The outlet that and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING- of the of shock. with or service whether the properly grounded. the with the the outlet Instructions SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Instructions Top Spary Arm Spary Arm Assembly and Plate Combination Dishwasher
Instructions On/Off China/Crystal Top On/Off Light Normal China/Crystal to: Clean Dishes Light Light Release Selector Option dishes, and tableware that immediately washed. to clean, heavily dishes, and tableware. loads. light to while lightly and glassware to high lightly when of concern.
Instructions Combination the with selecting Gently the The the Selecting the Correct Amount of the of the with ONE of ONE or of to the of the than the recommended amount of the dishwasher connected to supply. directly tableware. specifically dishwashers. the dishwasher to the while tableware and glassware. The releases measured of the of each the To the follow these A. the B and, without allowing to overflow, the the that the Amount to performance, each amount of The factory to ounce of the of to the amount To whether or the properly tableware and following completed Increase there the of these items. Decrease there of these items. The CONTROL "C" which the amount of the the to the to the The directly to the of the the the ounce of the of each There to when the Light light the whenever the and The through the SIGHT GLASS "D". the sight-glass completely CLEAR, the empty. DARK sight-glass there the to should becomes necessary. buttons the IN they OFF. buttons to
Instructions Height the to High or HIGH this clearance items to the Rack. LOW this increased height and the Rack. the (MANUALLY) To the of the Rack, follow these the to its the the of each to the the further, from the the the introducing the of to the Once the each to its "closed" If dishwasher with and to or Loading the Dishwasher Dishwasher Capacity: bones and insoluble the dishwasher. You the to them the dishwasher. The dishwasher high of performance. severity, to items that burnt or baked-on food tableware to the strength, and of the and such as or to the with the facing and such as and to the to amount of the that the their with the facing the arm. Cutlery: these items the located the the the back the to that the both the freely them lightly with hand. If dishwasher of crockery the To this: the Press the the the crockery the Loading
Instructions Loading Selecting To the the Selector clockwise the with the NEVER TRY TO TURN THE CONTROL COUNTER CLOCKWISE. Additional function dishwasher of function which to selected to the WASH PROGRAM Reference the the dishwasher Starting the Dishwasher the dishwasher, follow these to that the dishwasher and that there to the or to the "ON" the the cookware and as previously the Select the to the Press the On/Off The On/Off light and the selected To the or the the On/Off to the first. End-of-Cycle Unloading the Dishwasher the reaches the and the Ready light the the selected Press the On/Off Turn off the and the dishwasher. Emptying the Dishwasher that the them. the slightly and allowing to following the of the accelerated. the completely and the dishes. Empty the first, of of or to items the The silverware/cutlery easily from the
and Disconnect the supply to the dishwasher or cleaning. the located the of the to clear of Cleaning easily accomplished the as assembly and holding Cleaning Unlock the assembly from the of the rotating counter-clockwise and its further necessary. Clean three necessary, to to cleaning. that the dishwasher to function properly. The and should or performance noticed. Arm: the from the dishwasher. the round located the of the arm. the arm, holding the and or food from the the Arm: the from the dishwasher. the round the of the arm. the the of the and or food from the the the and of dishwasher with cloth. scouring such as Brillo or S. O. S. as they scratch the and/or that
with: Too the The should decreased. dishwasher. White or of empty, increasing section If properly functioning household of covered with or immediately with silver-place sections of the dishwasher household functioning correctly. of covered with or immediately allow to with silver,otherwise from other with containing tarnish household functioning correctly. of Usually caused tarnish unsightly. If to such items the washer hand, these items the Colored These items recommended dishwasher. other to and Excessively household functioning correctly. to dishwasher. items dishwasher. of to Short and and high or to of cutlery from of to with and the dishwasher. Plastics Thermosetting plastics or crack Thermoplastics items to the of the necessary.
Trouble-Shooting the Service the following the and/or non-warranted service Symptoms Dishwasher Check: or switch to On The closed. Dishwasher around Dishwasher and the cabinetry. Dishwasher Water Check: there or the hose and/or the and section. there the or Service info. to Too the to items the instructions. to their rotated motion the dishwasher and properly, as operation. the Service to and service or within the warranty. there the or the dishwasher and/or the chosen the the correctly? the clear from obstruction or their inhibited the the and they correctly? the hose or stressed? the with and the the first? their which and the and the the top there of items washed the respective
Service To and money please the following infor mation to service: of the which chased the (shown the rating The (shown the rating of chase You should the chase to the warranty. the to this If service the: Service P.O. Street L.A. Telephone:
Warranty Warranty This or workmanship year from the chase Warranty This warranty covers oducts chased the United States and The warranty cover when cially. It to the of the chasers warranty This warranty caused to the and/or operation, to follow operating and wear and tear. cover or caused or from or other than or Authorized Service The warrantor SOME ST ATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MA NOT APPLY TO YOU. Warranties/ State ANY IMPLIED ARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED ARRANTY OF MERCHANT ABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, IMPOSED ON THE SALE ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR FROM THE DATE OF ORIGINAL PURCHASE. SOME ST ATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMIT ATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED ARRANTIES. THIS WARRANTY GIVE YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MA ALSO HA VE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
Instructions the Dishwasher Preparation of the Preparation of the Dishwasher Decorative Water of Dishwasher the Strips Kickplate IMPORTANT: If the or with the dishwasher noted, please the Service immediately reporting and GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS This grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, grounding reduce the of shock of least This with and grounding The outlet that and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING of the of shock. with or service whether the properly grounded. the with the the outlet SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Instructions when the dishwasher to to possibly Unpack the Dishwasher and internal from within the dishwasher. the cord, and hoses from the rear. dishwasher its back to hoses or and the the screws the base. the dishwasher and the screws the press-board top Preparation of the below of and dishwasher. and easy and within specifications. The within the the height as the the surrounding to to within of the to the dishwasher. shut-off within of the to the dishwasher. the within of the to the dishwasher.
Instructions Preparation of the Dishwasher the The dishwasher with the as to: the height. Properly the dishwasher. The dishwasher completely its finally and dishwasher operation. Decorative To the appearance of the dishwasher, within the existing outer The of locally sourced Width: Thickness: Procedure: the from the dishwasher the screws as shown the the to the the chosen and the screws back the
Instructions The dishwasher grounded supply rated VAC, The dishwasher with supply with three-prong, grounding-type to to grounded The power-supply the dishwasher or to the which the to to through the the and to through. the of the specified as follows: smooth and rounded. the Service when or the dishwasher to to the power-supply cord. Water The dishwasher with high-pressure supply hose that NPT internal threads. with the dishwasher NPT that the hose to to household dishwasher supply shut-off the hose connected directly to locally sourced NPT stores. the of the hose and its as the of the based the the hose the of the dishwasher off Comp. BSP Washer NPT off OR Water Hose Water Hose
Instructions the hose to or as If necessary, the hose with of withstanding to heated or of The hose to the of the and then back to its of within the following specifications: The height of the the The height of the the height. hose mounting with the dishwasher Reference further If with the attaching With Without Diswasher Diswasher Unit Diswasher Diswasher Unit
Instructions of the Dishwasher the following instructions both and dishwasher the the dishwasher front of the Route cord, and routing hose through the the the dishwasher the while the through the of the Position the dishwasher such that properly the and with the Once properly positioned, the dishwasher to the of the with screws through the located the top front of the dishwasher. To and operation the following 1.The properly (front-to-rear and 2.The to the Strips Optional with each dishwasher mounting to the front of the dishwasher The to the of the dishwasher that the With the screws the to the front of the dishwasher as illustrated. the to or Screws Right
Instructions Kickplate The to cover the front and the beneath the dishwasher. the as illustrated access. To the the vertically the mounting to cover the dishwasher the the cord, and as previously the supply to the On Inspect dishwasher selecting and the to the properly and that IMPORTANT: If or noted with the dishwasher, please the Service immediately reporting and Profile of dishwasher with (when closed) Screw mounting locations KICKPLATE
fZ@HWQSI@TVTMRQUQ# service@F@support