SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Dishwasher Table Water Loading the Dishwasher Turning On the Appliance Caring the Dishwasher service
WARRANTY Corporation to the consumer-owner to or, Corporation's option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. the of this Corporation and to such of charge, the and operated with Corporation's written structions with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the sumer-owner. EXCLUSIONS Corporation or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to WARRANTY INFORMATION WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Corporation, W. Houston N., Houston, TX Service this warranty obtained following Corporation Authorized Service of from Service Service business hours to GENERAL Since responsibility of the consumer-owner stablish the warranty the purchase Corporation recommends or other that to Warranty that of purchase with This warranty rights, and other rights which from EQUATOR CORPORATION W. Houston N. Houston, TX the or to that Card ator. to Corporate Office
Overflow protection dishwasher protection which off the and the the Overflow. This allows the of the to and hours, to from cheaper electricity! to from the of the finishingwhen to. would inform the of of the the If the of from when the You about of You choose to the and pre-wash Warning If the there clearly the to top them to that the to performance. Warning If the there clearly displayed the to top them to that the to performance. Broad The broad of the ,reduce the of The following of and of the without
or the or of the dishwasher. the heating or immediately items they dishwasher or the items the from and child from the of the dishwasher, there installation, the supply or or with that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE. If the such the dishwasher and the from each This release the or this This grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, grounding reduce the of shock of least of This with and grounding The that and grounded with and ordinances. and additives dishwasher. or dishwasher. these products of The should the this The children or infirm without Dishwasher strongly swallowed.Avoid with and and children from the dishwasher when the heavy of the when The items to washed: items that they to the with the to reduce the of cut-type dishwasher, should item from with heating If the supply the or its service or to Please of properly. the dishwasher only its function. the to the when dishwasher from service or Young should to that they with the that the of the
To the performance from dishwasher,read operating instructions the first Arms Water key-press:To (Optional that the should the only). or the key-press:The to the light:To when ON/OFF ON/OFF on/off the supply. Shelf
dishwasher protection which off the and the the overflow. If this turn off the supply servicing. If there the of or the should restarting the dishwasher. normally loads, such as and lightly the heaviest loads, such as and that with food them while. lightly loads,such as plates,glasses,bowls and lightly that to and only. lightly loads, such as and lightly that To that to that Pre Drying Drying Pre Drying Drying
There to reduce the the other The of the from to If the dishwasher, the and The with that specifically to and from the with dishwashers. The located beneath the and should as follows: The when the light Though the enough, the light the If there of the to them board information the of supply. If this section. Unscrew the from the There the with arrow to the necessary, the the anticlockwise from the the based the of the used.It that should with the following the and then and the from the If the the first of its with the of the the and about of .It amount of to of the
YOU MAY NOT ADD TOO MUCH DETERGENT TO PREVENT THE FORMATION OF DEPOSITS BECAUSE YOUR DISHWASHERS HAVE SPECIALLY-DESIGNED WATER SOFTENERS. The the of each following the instructions the" dishwashers than dishwashers. Generally, only of Also, heavily items the dishwasher, otherwise it and properly. Dishwasher to of reach of To the the to the arrow and the the to the with arrow and turning to the closed (right) arrow. and measured amount of released the with the amount of the of the Too lather of foaming and cloudiness or dishes. If the If the with amount of The with the If and increase the amount of the and rotating the to If the properly or the to the higher spot-free. to To the following: through dishware, such as cutlery, from the dishwasher. of and the the of the dishwasher. the through If this the with of crystals instead of specifically dishwashers. fresh and Don't the ready to The released the to from that and It allowing to off the dishes. dishwashers to The located the to the To the the and the the the completely The about of to the because this with cloth. Don't to the the dishwasher If white to dishes.
The to and such as coffee and and as as and as they too dirty). the and cookware that they the of The height of height the that items which to the and bowls, as shown the to the right. It to and the of the to the of the top arm. bowls, top should to allow to flow The that or and loaded. the the of the the as below. Should to Empty Plates plates Soup plates
should the with the If the the should individually the should the the front of the the door,the second. the finished,the of dishwasher second,then stop.Turn off the the ON/OFF button,open the of the dishwasher. the dishwasher to the and while they and to They the the to the the the completely. It to the when washing,because the scalded to Soup Teaspoons the the dishwasher second. Serving Serving item through key-press light
the and within easy reach the There three of the the the and the It to the chemicals the and To the arm, screw off the to the washer top of the and the arm. the and and to clean the them them thoroughly. the dishwasher without the Food and trapped this the and washed the items, such as of bone or that the trapped the To item caught this the top of this and This and food the and from redeposited the If dishwasher unheated the service to: off to the dishwasher. or Turn off the supply and the from the from the and to catch the assembly performance and the assembly cleaned. The efficiently food from the allowing to the this reason, to the food the each the and To the assembly, the the The assembly should cleaned least once month. To the and the cleaning Then, reassemble the as shown the and the assembly the dishwasher, positioning its seat and The dishwasher without the of the reduce the performance of the and and the to the the cover the the and to
to clean the the and It allowed to the or becauseof the of scratching or leaving the every off the supply to the and the slightly that and cleaning or the from the To the and of the dishwasher, or cleaning products. Rather, only cloth and To or from the of the cloth with and white or cleaning specifically dishwashers. This dishwasher wired supply only.Time or recommended and only this should To the around the should To of the and of Also, cleaners or scouring the outer they scratch the finish. scratch or the that the and the the the to those the rating and that the tor the the rating the which earthed properly. If the to which the connected tor the the rather than or the as they overheating and burns. recommened that with the dishwasher and then the from the off the supply and the of the slightly This the and from within the If the to the necessary, its back. One of the factors that to the dishwasher food that the cleaning with this from occurring.
blown, or the or other acted the with the dishwasher supply turned Water Overflow The to overflow. off the and the sounds the or something the Dishwasher regularly. If to to and which the immediately. with that the the without that the that the action of the and dishware. the dishwasher or Empty Incorrect of the dishwasher turned and the closed securely. the properly the that the connected properly and the turned Sound from food action and To everything the dishwasher. only the dishwasher to If this the dishwasher and of to the and the dishwasher, then the turning the reached. necessary. Select To from glassware: of the dishwasher. Choose the the dishwasher and allow to about to then the the to of white the of the dishwasher. the and the dishwasher the If the as crystals instead of
Combination of and too Tea or coffee of of bleach and to the hand. Iron To the with dishwasher and wear other than dishwasher the of foaming or the OFF Turn the to OFF and the to the Dishes the properly. Normal phenomenon There through the the and to those This amount of clean around the outlet the the back of the the lubricated. or Dishwasher and shortest to the and to them clean. You to to the heating cool cleaning interior; otherwise, burns You to to the and to overflowing. with cloth. the dishwasher
EQUATOR CONTACT NUMBER PARTS SERVICE: Corporation W. Houston N. Houston, Texas Rights to without