MODEL: CD400
of Top Reasons to Compact Dishwasher Warranty Unit Instructions Water Disconnection Instructions Summary/Selection Common and
Introduction Congratulations Dishwasher. to its winning this highly sophisticated that years of Please to the This to purchase. of the reasons Dishwasher Compact The Dishwasher of It or that Water and dishwasher about of Normal with dishwashers). reduced Since the Dishwasher amount of to clean the there to heated. This Since there reduced amount of combined with the fact that the heated to the amount of than Capacity The Dishwasher and its racks. This and offices. Water Selection selection switch allows the Dishwasher to heated to or or heavy of dishes. dishwasher as with the included. The of the dishwashers allows to built-into Dishwasher with Clean The easy-to-clean allows collected of food to from the Dishwasher. This full-featured Dishwasher. It three options and these with the of the Dishwasher light of dishes. within Arms one-spray dishwasher cleaning and Easy-to-Clean The and the high poly-molded that the of the Dishwasher easy to with towel.
protected this warranty family or household and the USA and WARRANTY Corporation to the consumer-owner to or, Corporations option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. the of this Corporation and to such free of charge, the and operated with Corporations written instructions with the Ready to the service, the of the consumer-owner. EXCLUSIONS Corporation or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to WARRANTY INFORMATION WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Corporation, W. Houston N., Houston, TX Service this warranty obtained the following Corporation Authorized Service of from or o Service business hours to GENERAL responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase Corporation recommends that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with This warranty rights, and other rights which from State to EQUATOR CORPORATION W. Houston N. Houston, TX Corporate Office
FRONT VIEW REAR VIEW shows optional assembly WINDOW FILTER FRONT PANEL DETERGENT LOCATION DOOR RELEASE BUTTON DOOR ASSEMBLY PILOT LIGHT (POWER) DOOR LATCH MECHANISM PILOT LIGHT (HIGH HEAT) WATER INLET CONNECTION POWER ON/OFF BUTTON DRAIN HOSE CONNECTION HIGH-HEAT NORMAL HEAT POWER CORD PROGRAM TIMER SELECTOR RINSE AID DISPENSER SPRAY ARM INSIDE VIEW
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS WARNING dishwasher, follow instructions using the dishwasher the dishwasher its function or recommended dishwasher and them of the reach of SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING Instructions to of fire, shock, or to supply of AC only, required. that supply located to where the dishwasher to placed. the grounded. The with supply grounding To shock grounding type Instructions The hose from the terminates The supply should therefore terminate and should the It recommended to the to supply. the straight of the hose securely to the supply the other to the the back of the dishwasher to to threads. the hose that the this The of the hose should the height of which should than the of the dishwasher. To allow around the of the the of the should least the other of the hose (L shaped) to the the back of the dishwasher the hose to the the included the If wish, the hose to the You to match the hose to recommended. If located, immediately the supply off and the necessary. If reason to the please from plumber. The height clearance to dishwasher counter top with overhead there supply within easy reach of the The feet The dishwasher To the dishwasher, the screws the dishwasher. Connector BACK VIEW
Water operating incoming should and Incoming supply the dishwasher switch' household dishwasher FOR BEST RESULTS: dishwasher cleans of and the of dishes. The through rotating arm, through food and and back through the arm. and with the of each (the of o o the used) cleaning the least C). o o To dishwasher the of the should C). NOTE: Water the performance of dishwasher. Water to (white and/or On the of the dishwasher and "Heater located the the To these recommended to the of the dishwasher (while empty) using of white least once Disconnecting Dishwasher the supply cord. the supply the the hose assembly from the supply. the dishwasher place/store the hose the hose located the of the dishwasher Appliances that to off the and the and IMPORTANT Once the immediately thereafter) the hose CAUTION DO NOT LET CHILDREN DISCONNECT THE DISHWASHER. of children around Loading Dishwasher The dishwasher to plate consisting of the following: Plates Plates Serving Serving Serving NOTE: ease of plates from the to (temporarily) the the to its
Dishes Scrape off food from the dishes. of or grease. Empty from and should thoroughly the dishwasher. NOTE: Dishes with foods to and items with recessed or sections to should items to washed: items that they to the with the to reduce the of cut-type items they "dishwasher or the items the the properly and to Items with or and items together with as they the heating or immediately dishwasher properly with or the or dish-rack of the dishwasher. The topple Protect and hoses from high To reduce the of allow to or with the dishwasher. the Right specifically dishwashers, as other If and/or throw its Should You That or HARD WATER REQUIRES MORE DETERGENT TO GET DISHES CLEAN. SOFT WATER REQUIRES LESS DETERGENT TO GET DISHES CLEAN. The recessed located the of
You unsightly and and reduce using specially to food and that dishes. Used regularly, with every To the the located the the the reaches the of the the the The release the the approximately of The that allows to rinsed, ready to washed. (Preventing foods from becoming dried/caked the It to to the dishwasher the to the of the only) the incoming supply the and connecting the IMPORTANT dishwasher off of food the dishwasher. the "High-Heat" The "High-Heat" the option of washing/drying high activated, the "High -Heat" the heating which and the internal of the dishwasher F(66 C) CAUTION Water this high burns/scalding. when and/or the dishwasher the High -Heat To this the "High" the Pushed the "High -Heat" activated. the "Normal Heat" The "Normal Heat" the option of incoming o o o o (usually the incoming C) activated, the "Normal -Heat" by-passes the heating To the "Normal -Heat" the "High/Normal" the the "Normal -Heat" activated. IMPORTANT the "Normal Heat" activated, the increased. The only. To speed-up the the dishwasher the This allow from within to the and the to
Instructions To the dishwasher: the and hoses correctly and securely connected. the release to the the the and the cutlery to that the rotating freely the round. If necessary the the recessed NOTE: If using the only, to the the supply. Turn the switch to the Normal, Short). Press the off The light indicating the The dishwasher the of the The light the switched off. The dishwasher to the operation. should to cool about they too to Dishes cool the slightly. the dishwasher, the off of food, and the back its NOTE: At the of each the dishwasher the This the amount of the from the previous This to the Therefore, amount of pumped-out from the hose to the of the (THIS IS NORMAL) Summary/Selection RINSE: Water Incoming Water Duration:6 Water liters/0.73US/gal. NORMAL/HIGH HEAT: o Water F/62C
COMMON DISHWASHING PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE POSSIBLE SOLUTION Dishwasher Dishwasher unlatched. and Dishwasher Dishes action reaches dishwasher. rotating freely to nothing cutlery) obstructing rotation. become and rotation. Not enough and/or dishwasher used. that or cracked. recommended dishwasher Improperly dishes. food and should from Water hose or from to installation. or of dishes. glassware the only, Not Loaded Not properly and to Water amount of This to the and the of each amount of Allow dishwasher to completed.