MODEL: SP WP SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
The to of and to Memory function The memory function the as function This allows the of the to and hours, to from cheaper electricity! to from the of the finishing when to. The of the to clearly displayed the text leaving as to when the and would inform the user of of the Broad The of the ,reduce the of You choose to the and pre-wash You about of LED If the there clearly the to top them to that the to performance. Overflow protection dishwasher protection which off the and the the Overflow.
WARRANTY Corporation to the consumer-owner to or, Corporation's option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. the of this Corporation and to such of charge, the and operated with Corporation's written structions with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the sumer-owner. EXCLUSIONS Corporation or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to WARRANTY INFORMATION WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Corporation, W. Houston N., Houston, TX Service this warranty obtained the following Corporation Authorized Service of from or Service Service business hours to GENERAL Since responsibility of the consumer-owner to stablish the warranty the purchase Corporation recommends that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with This warranty rights, and other rights which from State to EQUATOR CORPORATION W. Houston N. Houston, TX Corporate Office
Thank this of products and to service. to creating that and and to and This sections of Instructions and Troubleshooting reading using the dishwasher to and the dishwasher properly. To the section Troubleshooting to and to the of professional technicians. If the reading the section of Troubleshooting Tips, please the professional technicians of the service to with hours Dishwasher Turning On the Appliance Dishwasher the Dishwasher About Electricity About the Water service. Overflow
that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE. If the such the dishwasher and the flow from each This release the or this This grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, grounding reduce the of shock of least of This with and grounding The that and grounded with and ordinances. or the or of the dishwasher. the heating or immediately items they dishwasher or the items the and additives dishwasher. or dishwasher. these products of child from and child from the of the dishwasher, there The should the this installation, the supply excessively or or the to the when dishwasher from service or To reduce the allow to or dishwasher. of the of shock. with or service whether the properly grounded. the with the ;If the outlet dishwasher properly inplace. the the dishwasher there of heavy of the when The items to washed: items that they to the with the to reduce the of cut-type dishwasher, should item from with heating If the the or its service or to Please of properly. the dishwasher its function. with
To the performance from dishwasher, operating instructions using the first DELAY START Press this to the hours light Arms Shelf orm Light PROGRAM On light: when the turned to the Press this to or Assembly Cord POWER
the and the and them back. It that the first, then the With force to the properly closed. NOTE: heard when the closed perfectly. the the The supply 120VAC 60HZ, the of the 15A 125VAC. Press the ON/OFF the of the of dishwasher the heaviest loads, such as and that with food them while. 65C 150F normally loads, such as and lightly 55C 130F lightly loads,such as plates,glasses,bowls and lightly 45C 115F that to and 45C 115F shorter lightly that 45C 115F lightly loads, such as and 35C 95F Pre-wash of and while the to completed the 45C 115F F Drying Press(or around) the to the Press the to At of the seconds while the sound. the of sound of the only the of the NOTE: If the when the seconds, which the dishwasher F F F F F F F F F F
YOU MAY NOT ADD TOO MUCH DETERGENT TO PREVENT THE FORMATION OF DEPOSITS BECAUSE OUR DISHWASHERS HAVE SPECIALLY-DESIGNED WATER SOFTENERS. The the of each following the instructions the" dishwashers and than dishwashers. Generally, only of Also, heavily items the dishwasher, otherwise and properly. Dishwasher to of reach of To the the to the arrow and the the to the with arrow and turning to the closed (right) arrow. measured amount of released the with the amount of the of the Too lather of foaming and or dishes. If the If the with amount of The with the If and increase the amount of the and rotating the to If the properly or the to the higher spot-free. to To the following: through dishware, such as cutlery, from the dishwasher. of and the the of the dishwasher. the through If this the with of crystals instead of specifically dishwashers. fresh and Don't the ready to dishes. The released the to from that and It allowing to off the dishes. dishwashers to The located the to the To the the and the the the completely The about of to the because this with cloth. Don't to the the dishwasher If white to dishes.
The to and such as coffee and and as as and as they too dirty). the and cookware that they the of The height of height the that items which to the and bowls, as shown the to the right. It to and the of the to the of the top arm. bowls, top should to allow to The that or and loaded. the the of the the as illustrated below. Should to Empty Plates Soup
should the with the If the the should individually the should the the front of the the and within easy reach the There three of the the the and the item through Food and trapped this the and the items, such as of bone or that the trapped the To item caught this the top of this and This and food the and from the If dishwasher unheated the service to: off to the dishwasher. or Turn off the supply and the from the from the and to catch the Soup Serving Serving the to the the cover the the and to
It necessary to the chemicals the and bearings. To the arm, screw off the to the washer top of the and the arm. the and and to the them them thoroughly. the dishwasher without the to the the and It allowed to the or of the of scratching or leaving the every off the supply to the and the slightly that and cleaning or the from the To the and of the washer, or cleaning products. Rather, cloth and or from the of the interior, cloth with and white or cleaning specifically dishwashers. assembly performance and the assembly cleaned. The efficiently food from the allowing to the this reason, to the food trapped the each the and To the assembly, the the The assembly should cleaned least once month. To the and the cleaning Then, reassemble the as shown the and the assembly the dishwasher, positioning its seat and The dishwasher without the of the reduce the performance of the and and To the around the should To of the and of Also, cleaners or scouring the outer they scratch the scratch or the recommended that with the dishwasher and then the from the off the supply and the of the slightly This the and from within the If the to the necessary, its back. One of the factors that to the dishwasher food that the cleaning with this from occurring.
hose that to burst the as the dishwasher. If recommended that the hose and Release the the release This and protects and the from Release from the the top of the Turn off the the from the from This dishwasher operation wired 120VAC, 60HZ, and to properly grounded branch protected or or If the supply the specifications, recommended that dishwasher should other while the dishwasher operation as the dishwasher the of the If the the dishwasher's switch, the switch. If threads: the to then every screw of the To should the and its hoses completely from located of washer and to the the to the the the top of the the the release the It then to the The hose from the to the dishwasher. Its hose to the the and the that from dishwasher. If dishwasher the completely the dishwasher. Turn the dishwasher.
The supply to the connected to the house heating as of C. this the shortened about and the efficiency slightly reduced. The to the following the procedures as those the to the If the inches or higher from the the hoses directly the It necessary to from hoses or that and than the 400<H<1000
or the or other acted the with the dishwasher supply off isn"t Overflow The to overflow. off the and the sounds the or something the Dishwasher regularly. If to it to and every which the the dishwasher to If this the dishwasher and of to the and the dishwasher, then the turning the reached. necessary. immediately. with that the the without that the Clean the that the action of the and dishware. the dishwasher or Empty Incorrect of the dishwasher turned and the closed securely. the properly the Pressed the Sound from food action and To everything the dishwasher. To from of the dishwasher. Choose the the dishwasher and allow it to about to then the the to of white the of the dishwasher. the and the dishwasher the If the as crystals instead of
Combination of and too using of of bleach and Tea or coffee to the hand. Iron To the interior, with dishwasher and wear other than dishwasher the of foaming or Dishes the properly. There through the the Normal phenomenon and to those amount of around the This the the back of the the lubricated. the If the dishwasher clear. or Dishwasher isn't and shortest to the glassware and to them clean. You to to the hea- cleaning interior; otherwise, burns You to to the and to overflowing. with cloth. the dishwasher The of the too high. Malfunction of or of heating Too Short or of