REFRIGERATOR/UPRIGHT FREEZER numbers: CRF CRF CRF COMMERCIEL or products that malfunction to workmanship or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction allow the or of or the or apply to Information EQUATOR APPLIANCES Houston, TX or or from such as incorrect or acts of or installation, including to cleaning and/or or This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the of the consumer-owner. Since the responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase Corporation that of or other that This warranty rights, and rights, which from to WARRANTY One-year Warranty to the consumer-owner to or, Corporations to of this that to workmanship or family or household the USA or of from the of purchase. INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE
the to the Information the of the Troubleshooting Technical Installation. the Please these instructions using This information that the performance from with the
The section food the to or food sealed The section of the automatically. The flows top of the where The section the The To Defrost: Turn off the food and newspaper, or and them as as of the the the and the with or cloth when the frost The thermostat from (off) to It recommended that the thermostat to when first then the as the achieved. Defrosting Items the frost to thin of frost the performance of the frost with or or other the of frost the shelves thick, the should defrosted. The of frost the front of the top-freezing shelf slightly thicker. to the light Thermostat section Thermostat section The light, The light, Thermometer section The light/ when the when the fast-freeze switch activated flashes red, when the too high. The might light or the this light and the the when the food and the yellow light off. than pounds of food hours. It that the as as Therefore, food should when or to the and Food should to allow with the shelf. the when necessary. The light, when the If the light the sound the too high. Please that the immediately from the Ice should allowed to slightly the that the to immediately. the and with and scouring or cleaning Connecting the supply: section and
when cleaning the of the cleaning the interior, off and the The the foot of the to cleaning of the the The the cleaned periodically. If the with of the type authorized service technician. the thermostat to and turned off Turn the thermo- back to cooling frost the the If the than food another food, the otherwise Lighting the light of the when the and off when closed. the with switch that off the light the or the closed the switch off and the light normally. Troubleshooting service the properly the the turned off correctly the with food. If around the house to the This reduce the of to allow children to or the shelves the They the and seriously themselves. of the The shelves of the section The and the and to To the them the If the to than hours the should to The with high which the sidewalls of the to slightly DISPOSAL OF THE APPLIANCE The recyclable of the please the service or other authority municipality. They inform of the and recycling meas- community.
and the cool, The should to sunlight or other heat the the the front of the base. If the or should the to allow The should its The built or with other as as there inches each There inches of the to allow and or that leads the the top of the board, Technical This the of the following 89/336/EEC compatibility), 73/23/EEC within as Household the EU 96/57/EEC as The rating which the back or the technical informa- tion as as type and If the to of the front with both Then the front and the the of the turning the with lighters, ether or other the become to that become the containing the section. that the enough that and/or from the built-in included this reasons, grounded should least from the ances The supply to the to or other You should of this when the location where immediately noticed. Construction and and specifications this to without
The hinge dismounted the screws. The turned and mounted the the the with the The to the Top the screws the top of the the the and the to the the screws. the screws the to the screws and mount the board. the off the the screws. screws the and the to the Tighten the screws and mount the the the CHANGE OF HINGE SIDE top hinge and off of mounting and the screws the of the Mount the and the