Washer EW
Introduction Instructions Introduction Pre installation...7 of the Washer Instructions Selection Chart Chart Technical Troubleshooting. Information Please the Washer TABLE OF CONTENTS New Washer
Appliance protected this warranty family or household Warranty 3rd-5th and the USA and WARRANTY to the consumer-owner to or, option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. the warranted of this and to such free of charge, the and operated with Appliances written instructions with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Appliances the and of the EXCLUSIONS Appliances or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty or incorrect procedures. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or or of cleaning of and/or to or caused or of vehicle covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to REMOTE LOCATIONS the of service location, Appliances to the to to the authorized service to service. Washer WARRANTY INFORMATION
WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Appliances Houston N, Houston, TX Service this warranty obtained the following Appliances Authorized Service of from or Service Service business hours to GENERAL Since of the consumer-owner to the warranty the purchase Appliances recommends that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with Appliances. You or Appliances Customer Service This warranty rights, and other rights, which from State to Corporate Office Appliances Houston N, Houston, TX The ETL the to the UL and CSA CONTACTS Service: Accessories: Technical Support: Washer Testing US N3094367 CANADA
Washer. to its winning this highly sophisticated that years of Please the to this to the and the of purchase. of the reasons Washer This to when to other washers. Since the self-cleaning this cleaning of Instead, there Water This than top- washer. With high extracted. This permanently and with casters and the as where Clothing Appearance This Washer to clothes they and The Washers or Its the Washer each of Washer INTRODUCTION
built with regulations, to and family. WARNING o reduce the of fire, shock, or to when follow including the following: instructions the that previously cleaned washed or with other or as they that or allow to or the of when the the from service or the reach the the or or this where to the weather. with or of the or servicing specifically recommended the instructions or published user-repair instructions that and to dry-cleaning or other or to the These off that or that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE If the such and the flow from each This release or products to reduce recommended the Appliances. the Coin Trap months to or Washer IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and that of children SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Washer features three the the the or Press the the heavy such as bath or the washer selected. The from these and reduce the of as the the This the to the clothes immediately the This and reduces high efficiency (HE) This recommended front-loading washers. It there which reduce the performance of If high efficiency (HE) please Appliances or through www.appliancedesk.com the and type of contained the Highly such as those or and become heavy when If that too them loads. RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR BACK). NO USER SERVICABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PROFESSIONALS. Washer CAUTION DO NOT OPEN HELPFUL HINTS SAFETY The of this found the back of the the of the to the back of the You should the and of this the this as of purchase to the of theft. MODEL# SERIAL#
what appears to reason to service, the nothing than easily You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or covered this warranty. To service and serviceman, please to the troubleshooting section that This section included of this Washer front with access. It You to the reading and following the instructions this Please, that the instructions followed. If should further or please, the where purchased, or Customer Service This washer with of to: WASH The and protected, and to and of capacity, and or increases light only. with screws and of This and grounding should with included this the reference. The should properly grounded three of V/ with It should switch or which might turned off Washer PRE-INSTALLATION INTRODUCTION
Washer Coin Washer PICTURE OF THE WASHER
UNPACKING, LEVELING, POSITIONING the and that the washer If the washer and Customer Service. screws, of the reach of they The of the Washer consists of floating that with the back of the the to the the the with the It the to perfectly this reason, the with the ELECTRICAL CONNECTION the to outlet with that the and with those stated the plate located the or cords they overheating and burn Washer INSTALLATION
This grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, grounding reduce the of shock of least This with and grounding The that properly and grounded with and ordinances. of the of shock. with or service or as to whether the properly grounded. the with the the outlet CONNECTING TO THE WATER FAUCET Please the following the of the hoses to the to each Cold only). the white of hoses to the the H or C) CONNECTING THE DRAIN HOSE the hose to (with internal of least inches) or it to or that there or The free height of inches from the the hose the the of the back Washer GROUNDING WARNINGS
RECESSED, CLOSET AND ALCOVE INSTALLATION The recessed or The inches and the exhausted. Other installations the indicated. Additional clearances and molding required. Additional when used. The closets front and the clearance the than the front NOTE: If that the while the allow of inches of There front of the to the closed and from the back of the to the Additional should easy servicing and with and Washer
C light Washer Washer CONTROL PANEL The A, B, C Pre-wash Bleach C C Turn clock-wise, to choose
C Pressed ON Not OFF If or light this clothing Press this the, and the washer light This light whether the or off. The light when and off when pressed. Washer
Warning to reduce the of fire, shock, or to the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS operating this Washer turned off. light should off). clothes and the Washer You hear when correctly closed. to the of the low-sudsing about If pre-wash and bleach as shown the Choose turning the clockwise to the the chart If light or of clothes, the the to the that the clothes amount of these and the the the Press the The light and seconds, hear the the Washer completed the the automatically, although the light manually the button. The switch of the Washer and the You the to the Please to force the of the covered warranty. Starting washer the right the of to and of Once washer and the together with that: The closed correctly. The the The supply turned Choose the The selected to the type of that to washed. To choose to the then: Turn Washer the selected with the the If LOAD and NO SPIN Lastly the At the of the Turn the washer off You the washer the freshly cleaned the to allow the that, the of or should the washer switch off, the chosen memory Washer OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS STARTING THE WASHER
of Pre-wash clothing Thick (towels, shirts, Cold Active Wear High Cold High light Normal light light Cold Delicates Cold with that the of or other the To the the and with Vacations: the It recommended that should the from the and off the supply. the to allow to the and the This Washer PROGRAM SELECTION CHART Prewash Cold High High High Cold Cold USEFUL TIPS Drying heat and High heat High heat High heat High heat High heat or high heat least or high heat least or high heat least
or fresh Work If of and treatment. If bleach. Apply to or and or thick Work necessary. If bleach Candle Scrape off white or layers of Press with with cleaning If bleach. with or cool or If to then Bleach necessary. Scrape of with Chewing with to Scrape off with with cleaning or then thoroughly. If with and or Meat If with meat If with cleaning or bleach. The of first with cleaning If with bleach To yellow with and nearly to Coffee or Tea fresh Then bleach treatment with the through from height of to Coffee or Tea (With Cream) or Work Dry. If grease with cleaning necessary. If bleach. Washer STAIN REMOVAL CHART or rouge Cream, or and or thoroughly with and If bleach with You to with thoroughly. or Work If necessary, bleach. to used. with thoroughly. effective the of the If cleaning used. with cleaners to this thoroughly. with Reapply necessary. fresh immediately with cool Then bleach treatment with through from height of to
Work with Bleach, necessary. Grease or Scrape or household with If thoroughly with grease Dry. necessary. To or bleach. First of cloth. repeatedly with or effective. Bleach necessary. and other NOTE: off to from spreading. of bleach of cool to then repeatedly cool or clay hours. If bleach. Polish Treat while fresh, or off as as white towels. back of or with and of household frequently. with or Washer or or recommended as thinner or If bleach. or thoroughly with and If the of the treating with or Apply to fresh with Apply to with and Iron Apply to of of of to Scorch or Work Bleach, necessary. to Polish Scrape off as as with If with to or with or with Bleach necessary. Soft with invisible when they when heated and to and Asphalt with grease or cool If the then If necessary, bleach.
The of choosing the the right and Dont to to these indications! To washer please, follow the instructions below to to to With the off, This allow the the and hose to evacuated. the shut-off and the hoses. There should the hoses where they the back of the IF ANTIFREEZE IS BEING USED IN THE SYSTEM FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS: the of coach, the washer to and allow to flow detected. the and allow to seconds. the and then to the of the from the With the off, from This allow the the and hose to evacuated. If the shut-off and the hoses. the should and protected from service allow to to purged from the If further to this please Technical Washer UNDERSTANDING FABRIC CARE LABELS WINTERIZING YOUR WASHER (Not the followed)
Washer to operated without Follow these that to the procedures this to the or to clothes. the of the clean; The of this Washer self-cleaning It therefore to cleaning and operations. (such as buttons, the Since these cant through the please the cover the of the holding the and the cover the cover, and inspect the to the cover cleaning. The should pulled hear click. EW Rated input 560W input 980W Capacity Water (HXWXD) (inches) Washer TECHNICAL DATA MAINTENANCE
when washer to the easily without to technician. these The washer to the correctly the there electricity the house? the closed properly? the pressed? the Washer the the to the supply turned The washer to with the hose correctly connected to the there supply? there the clean? the hose the the properly/ tightly? The washer continuously and the hose too that the hose connected height than inches the the of the hose The washer or the selected incorporate the clogged? from the housing and the the hose or the hose too high? that the than inches the There too the low-sudsing used? It recommended to High Efficiency the amount of used? The washer too the the correctly? there the and the evenly? the or Washer TROUBLESHOOTING
The washer the hose properly attached? the obstructed? the hose correctly the The washer the the completely Washer
www.EquatorAppliances.com Washer CONTACT INFORMATION SERVICE SUPPORT: Houston N, Houston, Texas to without Appliances rights