FRONT LOADING Washer EW Colors: White
Introduction Instructions of the Washer Instructions Selection Chart Technical Troubleshooting Information Please the Washer TABLE OF CONTENTS Washer
protected this warranty family or household and the USA and WARRANTY Corporation to the consumer-owner to or, Corporations option, to of this that to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. the of this Corporation and necessary to such free of charge, the and operated with Corporations written instructions with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Geographic If the location than from Corporation its option, offer 2-year Warranty, service found. Responsibility such instances that of the consumer-owner. Corporation however free technical repairs. EXCLUSIONS Corporation or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty cover service that workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service that workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or or of cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to Washer WARRANTY INFORMATION
WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Corporation, W. Houston N. Houston, TX Service this warranty obtained the following Corporation Authorized Service of from or Service Service business hours to GENERAL Since responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase Corporation recommends that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with You or Customer Service This warranty rights, and other rights which from State to Corporate Office EQUATOR CORPORATION W. Houston N. Houston, Texas Testing US N CANADA The ETL Listed the to the UL and CSA Listed EQUATOR CONTACT NUMBERS Service: Accessories: Technical Support: Washer
Congratulations Washer. to its winning this highly sophisticated that years of of the reasons Washer This to when to other washers. the self-cleaning this cleaning of Instead, there Water This of and of top-loading washer. With of RPM, extracted.. This permanently and with casters and the as where Clothing Appearance This Washer to clothes they and The Washers or Its the Washer each of The Washers or Its the Washer each of Washer INTRODUCTION
and that of children built with to and family. WARNING o reduce the of fire, shock, or to when using follow basic including the following: SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS instructions the that previously cleaned washed or with other or as they that or allow to or the of children when the the from service or the reach the the or or this where to the weather. with or of the or servicing specifically recommended the instructions or published user-repair instructions that and to dry-cleaning or other or to the These off that or that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE If the such and the flow from each This release or products to reduce recommended the of the the Coin Trap every months to buttons or Washer IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS
Washer three the the the or Press the the heavy such as or the washer selected. The from these highly and reduce the of as the the This the to the clothes immediately the This and reduces This recommended front-loading washers. It there which reduce the performance of If please to information house brand, of the with the warranty the and type of the Highly such as those or and become heavy when saturated. If that too highly them loads. Washer HELPFUL HINTS
The of this found the back of the the of the to the back of the CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR BACK). NO USER SERVICABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PROFESSIONALS. what appears to reason to service, the nothing than easily You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or covered this warranty. To charge service and serviceman, please to the troubleshooting section that This section included of this Washer front with access. It You to the reading and following the instructions this Please, that the instructions followed. If should further or please, the where purchased, or Customer Service This washer with of to: WASH The and protected, and well-ventilated to and supply of capacity, and or increases light only. with screws and sheets of installation. This and grounding should with included this the reference. The should properly grounded three outlet of V/ with Amps. It should switch or which might turned off Washer CAUTION RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN PRE-INSTALLATION SAFETY You should the and of this the provided. this as of purchase to the of theft. MODEL# SERIAL# INTRODUCTION
Washer Coin Washer PICTURE OF THE WASHER
UNPACKING, LEVELING, POSITIONING the and that the washer If the washer and Customer Service. screws, of the reach of they The of the washer consists of free floating that with the back of the the to the To from the to the the with the the containing the It the to perfectly this reason, the with the the of with carpeting, to that there around the ELECTRICAL CONNECTION the to with that the and with those stated the located the or cords they overheating and Washer INSTALLATION
GROUNDING This grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, reduce the of shock of least This with and grounding The outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. of the of shock. with or service or as to whether the properly grounded. the with the the outlet CONNECTING TO THE WATER FAUCET Please the following the of the hose to the the of the cold-water hose to the cold-water -reducing to each the white of hose to the connected to the H the white of cold-water hose to the connected to the C CONNECTING THE DRAIN HOSE the hose to (with internal of least inches) or to or that there or The free height of inches from the the hose the the of the back Washer WARNINGS
RECESSED, CLOSET AND ALCOVE INSTALLATION The recessed or The inches and the Additional should easy installation, servicing and with and ordinances. exhausted. Other installations the indicated. Additional clearances and molding required. Additional when used. The closets front and the clearance the than the front Washer
Washer C light C Turn washer clock-wise, to choose This the selection of the based the Press). Washer CONTROL PANEL
C The A, C. Pre-wash A. C. Bleach Pressed ON OFF If or light of clothes, this clothing Press this the and the washer and light This light whether the or off. The light when and off when pressed. Washer
Warning to reduce the of fire, shock, or to the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS operating this Washer turned off. light should off). clothes and the Washer You hear when correctly closed. to the of the about If pre-wash and bleach as shown the C Choose turning the washer clockwise to the the chart If light or of clothes, the the to the that the clothes amount of these and the the the Press the The light and seconds, hear the the Washer completed the the automatically, although the light manually the button. The switch of the Washer and the You the to the Please to force the of the covered warranty. Starting washer the right the of to and of Once washer and the together with that: The closed correctly. The the The supply turned Choose the The selected to the type of that to washed. To choose to the then: turn Washer the selected with the the to the buttons LOAD and NO SPIN astly, the At the of the Turn the washer off You the washer the freshly cleaned the to allow the that, the of or should the washer switch off, the chosen memory Washer OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS STARTING THE WASHER
of Press Cold SPIN SPEEDS High Press with that the of or other the To the the and with the It recommended that should the from the and off the supply. the to allow to the and the This Washer PROGRAM SELECTION CHART of Prewash clothing Thick High heat (towels, High High heat Normal (t-shirts, High Cold High heat High light light Cold light Cold Prewash Cold High USEFUL TIPS Drying heat and High heat or high heat least or high heat least or high heat least
or fresh Work If of and treatment. If bleach. Candle Scrape off clean white or of Press with with cleaning If bleach. Scrape of with Chewing with to Scrape off with with cleaning or then thoroughly. If with and with cleaning If with bleach To with and nearly to Coffee or Tea fresh immediately Then bleach treatment with the through from height of to Coffee or Tea (With Cream) or Work Dry. If grease with cleaning necessary. If bleach. or rouge Apply to or and or Washer STAIN REMOVAL CHART thick Work necessary. If bleach Cream, Ice or with cool or cool or If to then Bleach necessary. and or thoroughly with and If bleach with You to with oroughly. or Work If necessary, bleach. to used. or Meat If with meat If with cleaning or bleach. The of first with thoroughly. effective the of the If cleaning used. with cleaners to this thoroughly. with Reapply fresh immediately with cool Then bleach treatment with through from height of to Work with Bleach, necessary.
Grease or Scrape or household with If thoroughly with grease Dry. necessary. To or bleach. First of cloth. repeatedly with or effective. Bleach necessary. and other NOTE: off to from spreading. of bleach of cool to then repeatedly cool or clay hours. If bleach. Polish Treat while fresh, or off as as white towels. back of or with and of household frequently. with or or or recommended as thinner Washer or If bleach. or thoroughly with and If the of the treating with or Apply to fresh with Apply to with and Iron Apply to of of of to Scorch or Work Bleach, necessary. to Polish Scrape off as as with If with to or with or with Bleach necessary. Soft with invisible when they when heated and to and Asphalt with grease or cool If the then If necessary, bleach.
The of choosing the the right and Dont to to these indications! To washer please, follow the instructions below to to to With the off, This allow the the and hose to evacuated. the shut-off and the hoses. There should the hoses where they the back of the IF ANTIFREEZE IS BEING USED IN THE SYSTEM FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS: the of coach, the washer to the NORMAL and allow to flow detected. Turn off the washer to the and allow to flow seconds. Turn off the washer to the of the from the Turn off With the off, from the This allow the the and hose to evacuated. If the -off and the hoses. the should and protected from service allow to to purged from the If further to this please Technical Washer UNDERSTANDING FABRIC CARE LABELS WINTERIZING YOUR WASHER the followed)
The Washer to without Follow these that to the this to the or to clothes. the of the clean; The of this Washer self-cleaning It therefore to cleaning and operations. (such as buttons, the Since these cant through the please the the of the the cover, and inspect the EW Rated input 560W input 980W Capacity Water (HXWXD) (inches) Washer TECHNICAL DATA MAINTENANCE
when washer to the easily without to technician. these The washer to the correctly the there electricity the house? the closed properly? the pressed? the Washer the the to the supply The washer to with the hose correctly to the there supply? there the clean? the hose The washer continuously and the hose too that the hose connected height than inches the the of the outlet hose The or the selected incorporate the clogged? the hose There too the used? It recommended to the amount of used? The washer too the installation? the correctly? there the and the the or The washer the of the hose properly attached? the obstructed? the hose correctly the Washer TROUBLESHOOTING
EQUATOR CONTACT NUMBERS SERVICE: PARTS, ACCESSORIES DETERGENT ORDERING: TECHNICAL SUPPORT: Corporation Houston N, Houston, Texas rights to without Washer COMPANY INFORMATION