SERVICE MANUAL (TROUBLE SHOOTING AND REPAIRING TIPS) Fourth Edition February CONSERV REFRIGERATOR MODELS SERIES OLD NEW)
protected this warranty family or household and the USAand WARRANTY Corporation to the consumer-owner to or, Corporations option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USAand of from the of purchase. the of this Corporation and to such free of charge, the and operated with Corporations written instructions with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the consumer-owner. EXCLUSIONS Corporation or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to WARRANTY INFORMATION WARRANTYSERVICE This warranty by: Corporation, W. Houston N., Houston,TX Service this warranty obtained the following Corporation Authorized Service of from or o Service business hours to GENERAL responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase Corporation that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with This warranty rights, and other rights which from State to EQUATOR CORPORATION W. Houston N. Houston, TX Corporate Office
Trouble-Shooting Unit or Correct with the Turn defrosting Unit or to to To the Trouble-Shooting Chart Wall installation. necessary. Inform section shooting the Thermostat thermostat. Defective section shooting the section shooting the incorrectly Inform that should repaired or section Troubleshooting the incorrectly section Troubleshooting the too high (obstruction and location blowing N2 through Section the with Repairs. or or Correct to the and of the Blow through the thoroughly
Trouble-Shooting location insulated necessary, DONT FORGET to increases. to first and/or normally. to first continuously. Unit normally or too To the hours and to If the and through with N2. that and and N2 through too cold, possibly with Can too Thermostat location of phial. the incorrectly the with the formation around of Inform to thermostat phial. Thermostat too Turn thermostat If counter-clockwise. inform user about function of thermostat. formation Defrost thermostat phial, thoroughly and the Seal with about of and and Measure the of housing 110C) and 70C). of If location the If too thermostat.
Troubleshooting Defective thermostat. 1.Turn thermostat to to 3.Dismount wire. to internal (fast- switch). thermostat. normally Unit too normally, too or continuously. operating. and properly high Inform High Can Inform with of Measure and around Symptom: wholly with detector-first and Next the and localized, cover with of or appear the of with and suction when If service charging and and (approximately as the of section chart. or replaced.
Trouble-shooting or mechanically. or replaced. that correctly flow only and blown the right cover of Turn defrosting of or when defrosting that when thermostat thermostat and thermal thermostat when the than 5C). heating Furthermore, when the the though the continuously, to hours the There cooling this too or continuously. completely or from the that touches the Mount charging Measure suction Blow N2 through charging and flow through and of section and
Trouble-shooting Heat injection with cloth with If heard to through the indicated. Alternatively, and and of frost formation the increase initially and then to its Thermostat too Turn thermostat high. clockwise. to that correctly or Mount service capacity. charging and suction or capacity. mounted incorrectly injection Symptoms those of of Blow N2 through outsize service Stop when With heavy of to this If capacity, that the caused or another the This thermostat.
Trouble-shooting Unit recently with of food. continuously. and and closed If pulled without the tightly enough. formation shelves. wishes to Measure the The lowered the thermostat reduced with the to defrosting section). defrosting function. Possibly to formation Inform about the caused this. user about of switch. thermometer thermometer below 0C. collected the too high, possibly too to heat or The of the thermostat too The thermostat with the about of immediately to service built-in thermometer readings. thermometer necessary. Symptoms those of partially Record with observations. Measure phial. than the Section location the with higher location of and/or to thickness and and Increase the of the thermostat the with the If this the thermostat.
Trouble-Shooting the systematic trouble-shooting commenced, to that: The intact. The The the The with as found the There the and the Section of BKF, BMC, BSKF.
Checking to whether there the and the the insulation tested or testing rough investigating the the from the the earth Investigate the to the the from the the and the earth The there to the or high-voltage testing that the completely of as the whether to the PTC with LST. terminals and the If measured, the or the defective. terminals and C the If measured, thermostat or ther- indicated. 03N001 03N0021 103N0012 Dismount the and wires the thermostat and them. If the the thermostat If the the thermostat indicated. If there terminals and C the the or indicated. PTC
Starting with HST terminals and the If measured, the or the and the It measured, ther- or thermostat indicated. Dismount the and wires the thermostat and them. If the the thermostat It the the ther- indicated. If there terminals and the the or indicated. 1.Starting Trouble-Shooting the the from the and to the and of the the and to the of the and to the of the NB: when the cold. If the of the necessary. If the that the should If the the and Connecting Location
The PTC Starting It should noted that 03N001 which the of uprights, than 03N001 which the On 03N001 the from the the and as the thermostat to the that there three wires this which installation. The from the thermostat normally with protective cover. This connected C the From 03N001 or 03N0021 mounted both cooling and PTC Starting The relay 103N0015 relay, which the relays 103N0002, 103N0005, 103N0011, 103N0012 and 103N0016. 103N0002 103N0005 103N0011 103N0012 103N0016 the and when 103N0002, 103N0011 and 103N0016. The when The HST Starting The tunction of the relay to the to the high enough (and the through the duced), the relay the that the and the the the
Trouble-Shooting The directly the this reason, the both and mounting the suction of the the the which the read. This normally from C to C and from -3CC to C These apply when the its The the to reach the and the of the This and slightly
of trouble-shooting the tion and service The The suction or the the or the other reasons. shooting chart. capacity. The suction high. The suction when the If the suspected, this with Section the Repairs and Section the the The suction The The than would expected. that the
MAKING REPAIRS TO THE REFRIGERATING SYSTEM the with Repairs The of Therefore, to to the following repairs of the The serviceman with the related to and to the protection There of the or or other of heat. Therefore, the allowed. to the service that there the the flow as than and of bustible the countries followed. If hermetic to function correctly and reasonably life, that the of the This fact when repairs to and the If there of or the cooling/freezing found the repairs. that switched the repairs, that of the Mount service or the charging and the with suction the First thorough cleaning of the where the of the to and of the the mounted the top of the below the the 1A.) and the Mount the hose the threaded branch of the tongs. The hose 2A). Thereafter, the the and the through the hose If the to replaced, the the the about The the thermostat, the around the thermostat found from the age to the The then blown through with tion: The Blowing Process). The closed the the hose dismounted and mounted the the the hose of the to the the and the and The ready the first to of approximately the first the closed the the the the and the spherical closed. The Blowing (N2) to the the charging the the charging and the the with the reducing and the the Thereafter, the the and the thoroughly blown through the the the the and the the the off the using that burrs and tion of the the with Blow (N2) through the The blowing allows the of obstructions the the dismounted as and remounted sections the the and the dismounted the branches sealed with Mount service which than the originally (as specified the The hermetically sealed mounted. The assembly Mounting of
mounting of the the ready the of reached. of the closing the the If the appreciably, the indicated. of reached, further the the and the and the spherical of the hose of Thereafter, the with as to the of the The to the hose and the the hose and the the the and the the and the hose from the and the with the the the that the hose freely. the to and the with the amount of that the rating the If the the too that the the the with (the subjected to which +50C) or the the thermostat. to around the thermostat there the the the and the suction the the the and the the hose closing the and the and the Dismount the hose and the spherical Blow though the hose with and the Dismount and through hose the and the station. ontrol there of the mouth of the Search the the when the tion, and the suction when the lized. the to that the frosts as
of Appliances with the and of thorough cleaning where the of the tight. Mount the hose the The then blown through with section: The Blowing Process). the the Mount the hose the Mount the hose the the the the and the first the the the the and the and the spherical the hose
The Blowing of the the tion and the and of the and of the and the the the the the and the spherical the the the the and the the and the through. The then with
and of Mounting of the hose with spherical Thereafter, Testing of the with the to the hose and the the hose and the the the and the tion, the and the hose from the and the with the the the the the and the with Then, the the the and the suction the the and the the the hose closing the and the and the Dismount the hose and the spherical Blow through the the Dismount and through the hose the and station. Then, there around the mouth of the
the Repairs with Recovery of If hermetic to function correctly and reasonably life, that the amount of the This fact when repairs to and the repairs, that other and that of the Mount service or the charging and the with suction the thorough cleaning of the where the of the to and of the the too the the mounted the top of the below the the and the Mount the hose the threaded branch of the the mounting of the the the and the the the the closed, and the dismounted and mounted the outlet the hose the the the and the and The the first with recovery of to of There the as this the the closing the the the the closed the (N) connected to the the and the and the that the than the the repairs. required. the off the the This or that burrs and of the the with The off, as collected thefilter and back the system,where to the formation of the Blow (N) through the and the The should blowing This inactive atmosphere, which to The blowing allows the of the the as The ready and remounted. which when the the Sections the the and the the and through the to wave the Mount service which than the originally (as specified the The hermetically sealed mounted. the that the thin with-stand high to the of and that heating therefore to the the through the to of thereafter with This or to together and the this furthered. With the repeated The ready the of reached. of the closing the the If the appreciably, the indicated. of achieved, the the and Switch the heating the Read the the and the The amount of to specified the rating the with the amount and the the suction to Mounting of
the charging with the service and the off the and with the when the and the suction when the the around the with tectyl or protection. the to that the frost as The dismounted from the outlet and the to This emptying section
with Recovery of and of thorough cleaning where the of the tight. Mount the the the the Mount the the Mount the hose the the the the and
the and of and the the with and the and The from the and (N2) blown through the and the Section
Emptying to from the suction the emptying with hose to the the emptying the and the the to emptied. the the emptying to the This hose to closing when connected to the emptying the the switch the emptying should the causing the to the switch the emptying and the should (Can of the the emptying to existing concerning the recovery of and the allowed the of the stated the the specifications stated the R12 or +60C +60C
the with Repairs other than the R12 to the following the hermetic Service service that containing because reaction the the the property that than the R12, to the to the Recovery the recovery of that the recovery as there of high and should therefore mounted the with XH9 to used. This service and V3. The emptying The of the and emptying should when The emptying The These which to to back the the as the otherwise from the with The amount of indicated the rating plate of the to the the type indicated the rating plate the front of the
the and the both from the and from off the and repairs to the the to the which and and of the It therefore to that REPAIRS MADE TO THE REFRIGERATING SYSTEM HAVE NOT BEEN CORRECTLY CARRIED OUT UNLESS THE FILTER DRIER HAS ALSO BEEN REPLACED. The following should used: the off the the or the of recovery of Section the THE FILTER MUST NOT BE SOLDERED OFF, AS ANY MOISTURE COLLECTED IN THE FILTER WILL EVAPO- RATE BACK INTO THE SYSTEM. the the and (N2) through the of recovery of Section outsize service (as specified the that the the when the positioned. Should this the flow through the reduced This confused with of the This correctly. to the The shown incorrectly, with the touching the The of the free, and the increased. The become completely of should therefore used. the enough the This increase the of the becoming with or The of the becoming high, as directly the should therefore used.
off without the of off or to of the should with of least and with the lowered.
the If trouble-shooting the or that the The following to used: that the ready installation. the Clean of the the branches with This to the and the the the and (N2) through the off the from the branches the The of the as shown the screwdriver or through the the plate and the the of the arrow. Press the to free from the Release the the of the arrow. mounting the the the
the The of heat mounted with of It therefore to straighten the suction and when to replaced. Release the the screws the and thermostat phial. the and Release the front of the to the of the shelves. the thermostat and thermostat phial. the with screwdriver to release. On both as as the cover and plate the the right of the the of the with the front of the Dismount and straighten the suction and the the the suction Mounting: Straighten the suction and the L, and the suction and through the the the the suction and and through the At the the shelves their the Mount the screws and thermostat and the to the and Mount the front the and attaching these to the the of the to the shelves. Mount the thermostat and thermostat and other the to the and when repairs to uprights with the Appliances the the Dismount the the and with the
the Thermostat Uprights Dismount the and straighten the phial. off the insulation, around the phial. The of the lead-in from the back of the the from the the cover the top and the the thermostat and thermostat the thermostat Chest The the thermostat readily that the as as the the Thermostat Positioning of the Thermostat NFG to the functioning of the thermostat of the free of the to as thermostat phial. of failing thermostat functioning and of the thermostat, that the sufficiently the This the screws holding the the top of the and lowering the that the the back of the
Positioning of the Thermostat NFG from to the functioning of the thermostat of the free of the to as thermostat phial. of thermostat functioning and of the thermostat, that the sufficiently the This the Uprights with Dismount the and straighten the phial. off the insulation, around the phial. the from the the cover the top and the the thermostat and thermostat and the of the mounting the the thermostat