Washer-Dryer GB THE COMPLETE LAUNDRY SYSTEM EL SISTEMA COMPLETO DE LAVADO SECADO!
the topics this Read, learn and You to easily, and washer-dryer Warranty Information the warranty that rights, family or household the USA and Introduction The top reasons washer-dryer. covered: Instructions and family. this section using Washer-Dryer Efficiency or the operation the functioning of That the conforms to That the and hoses connected correctly. hoses that already used. That the properly the performance of THAT THE DRUM'S SHIPPING BOLTS HAVE BEEN REMOVED FROM THE BACK OF THE WASHER-DRYER. What and to of to the of the and the of the washer-dryer. Learn the and to type of the This Washer-dryers It buttons to choose type of and from the of cleaning mechanics to the with it the of while to the easy to choose the right and additives. Choose the right and with while and Instructions and to and to Years back, grandmothers the who and those synthetic easy. washer-dryer offers helpful allowing to than would hand. The to the and the bleach and technician, these Immediate found If the Customer Service. They to and With of the washer-dryer with performance years and years to Technical characteristics the technical of washer-dryer: and specifications, capacity, of the and with US regulations.
Warranty Information protected this warranty family or household and the USA and WARRANTY Corporation to the to or, Corporations option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the USA and of from the of purchase. the of this Corporation and to such free of charge, the and operated with Corporations written instructions with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the consumer-owner. EXCLUSIONS Corporation or or from such as incorrect or acts This warranty service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the of the consumer-owner. Specifically, the following covered warranty and warranty or cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction States allow the or of or the or apply to WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty by: Corporation, Houston, TX Service this warranty obtained the following Corporation Authorized Service of from or Service Service business hours to GENERAL responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase Corporation that or other that to Warranty Card that of purchase with This warranty rights, and other rights which from State to EQUATOR CORPORATION Houston, TX C Corporate Office Instructions and
Introduction Congratulations Washer-Dryer. to its winning this sophisticated that years of satisfaction. Please to the This to purchase. of the reasons Washer- This to when to other washer-dryers. This cleaning of Water This of and of top-loading washer. With of RPM, extracted, allowing Instructions and that of built with the international to and family. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when follow basic including the following: instructions the or that previously cleaned or with cleaning other or as they that or allow to or the of when the the from service or the reach the the or or this where to the weather. with or of the or servicing specifically recommended the instructions or published instructions that and the to these instructions Introduction and This and with casters and the as where Combined Drying and clothes from to the other. the Washer and two-in-one. Clothing Appearance This Washer-Dryer to clothes they and The Washer-Dryers or Its the Washer-Dryer each of This to as washer or as or from to the The Washer-Dryer to and effectively. dry-cleaning or other or to the These off that or that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE. If the such or washer washer-dryer, and the flow from each This release or products to reduce recommended the of the heat to containing or textured the Coin Trap months to or washer-dryers the and surrounding free from of and items to cooking Items with cooking to reaction that to catch fire.
Washer features three the the the or Press the the heavy such as bath or the washer selected. The from these highly and reduce the of as the the This the to the clothes immediately the This and reduce This Washer the heating to heat than The heating about to reach heat. Efficiency washer operates and It to clothes than (which operates with the following increase the of the DOOR REMAINS LOCKED DURING DRYING: The with the light This and the heater, which the heat. FABRIC SOFTENER: the and to consecutively, the preheat function automatically. this, the heater turned the of the the the clothes while from the the the While force clothes to to the of the the them to the It or the clothes to and the USING LIQUID FABRIC SOFTENER WILL CAUSE THE CLOTHES TO UNSTICK IMMEDIATELY. THIS HELPS DRY CLOTHES FASTER AND CAUSES LESS WRINKLES. To the Washer heated the rotating the the If the with the to and clothes properly. This recommended front washers. It there which reduce the performance of Also, this to which caused the chamber and the blower with If please to information house brand, free of the with the warranty the and type of the Highly such as those or and become heavy when If that clothes than to the or too 3.OVERLOADING: The of While this the washer-dryer, than U.S. washer. The EZ CEE should overloaded. With too clothes, reduced, increasing of OR of the of clothes recommeded OVER DRYING: This this to the from the Since there the the Frequently, when the clothes actually the clothes and within they the clothes. USE LOW SUDSING DETERGENT: or other), from the chamber. the chamber, the chamber and the blower. this reduces efficiency and the blower to cleaned. Instructions installation and
what appears to reason to service, nothing than easily You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or covered this warranty. To charge service and serviceman, please to the troubleshooting section that This section included of this and The washer and protected, and well-ventilated to and supply of capacity, and or increases light only. with screws and of installation. Instructions and INTRODUCTION This washer with of to: WASH WASH DRYING of clothes PRE-INSTALLATION Washer-Dryer front with access. It to and You to the reading and following the instructions this Please, that the instructions followed. If should further or please, the where purchased, or Customer Service and grounding should with Instructions included and the reference. The washer should properly grounded three outlet of W, A, It should switch or which might turned off Appliances to offer products with the ENERGY STAR
the washer-dryer arrives Whether or to house, the functioning of washer-dryer. the from its that it intact. If immediately. The of the supported, four the back using the washer-dryer, the the spacers together with the attached to them the and the to the the wrench to the Attach the hoses to the and white (cold) the back (top right) or the the other to the built-in or to the U-Connector the hose the (or the The washer-dryer to its functioning. To the the front the of measured to the or people to and to back or other The front self-locking WARNING Shock (death, fire or shock): grounded ground or cord. the and washers. Should then these should to the of the to when the WARNING Instructions and own protection, and to and fire, please the following the and the washer-dryer unpacked. Children should or the where located. Washer and grounding with instructions washer to the reference. ONLY the recommended this To of The washer properly grounded the third or round DO NOT USE AN EXTENSION CORD. or of should service to or to the of authorized service Service Disconnect to the washer the or or the when servicing required. the and the switch or the WARNING The Appliance should connected to Branch with N.. AWG and Protected GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS This grounded. the of malfunction, or breakdown, grounding reduce the of shock of least This with grounding and grounding The outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING of the of shock. as to whether the properly grounded. the with the If the Warning The and when these instructions respected. expanded and other toys, and should off properly.
Included the with this hoses and washers. The straight of these hoses should connected to the supply The of these hoses should to the the back of the of the washers to tight each The couplings should hand, should only force M, The coded: White Cold It to the with only, to each The Y the allows to the the of the Water the top right You should the hose to and of the The outlet of the hose least the of the At this the to or this height to the from than of the hose should the IMPORTANT that the hose and the restricted. RV inch with capacity of or installation. Top of least inches high and higher than inches from the of washer (A) Wall inches inches from of hose to of washer (B) Instructions and PLUMBING (Water PLUMBING (Water to the Water within the indicated the the of washer-dryer. If the or then the the clear to the hose to BSP thread. that there washers each of the The L-Shaped the and straight the hoses years of to reduce the of hose Record hose or the hoses reference. inspect and hoses wear or found. The Y
RECESSED, CLOSET AND ALCOVE INSTALLATION (Instructions) The recessed or The inches and the Additional should easy servicing and with or ordinances. Other the indicated instructions What washer-dryer to to and the follow their LAUNDRY PREPARATION Sorting Clothes should from items which other Sort items to and of Color. clothes three whites and and bright and Items which should of items should from items. that should from those which or attract that easily or that These the using the If and of Heavily items should from the of the to of the Inspection While clothes wash-loads, inspect each to while they fresh and easy to first to unknown containing such as meat and To to the Chart the of the Additional clearances and heavily such as and of pillowcases. to the Pretreating section instructions. and tears, further to Empty such as or or tobacco shred leaving each item the washer. and other to to the and buttons. Turn to reduce the of to of the the caused wear or friction. and from trouser or to If of securely around the ornament and to scratching and to the non-washable buttons and and to the washer the empty. Pretreating heavily such as and of pillowcases prewash or brushing or or and the Instructions and to and
to the Chart treatment of If item heavily or stained, both and effective to prewash the item than to every Prewashing Prewash clothes, such as or clothes. They often Prewashing with the the cleaning too while too and the to redepositing the The amount to amount of and type. ALWAYS the amount of The amount of of to amount of others only front washers. LAUNDRY AIDS The of loads, increase the amount of used. If should increased. should If pretreated, the amount of If heavily pretreated, to If the top the washloads front reduced of Starting the washer-dryer washer-dryer, washer-dryer the right the of to and of Once washer- and the together with tights and and items them Instructions and that: The closed correctly. The the The supply turned Selector of the RESET Choose the The selected to the type of that to washed. To choose to the then: the the clothes the released the action of to used, to the instructions the flushed the from the The should than to the porthole. Too the action of through the and the If this should clear the to the of the first and allow the to Bleach to whiten clothes, to and to however bleaching Bleach should to the bleach To bleach, and and WARNING: the bleach bleach directly the and possibly the clothes. towels, from the of the Items of easily and the of synthetics reduced. the Additives of the to the indicated the as the immediately the and the Washer the selected with the the to the the Wast to the Wash/Rinse necessary buttons E, F, G, and lastly, the that, to the should the At the of the light seconds, and then flashes slowly. Then the washer-dryer off You the washer-dryer the freshly cleaned the to allow the that, the of or should the washer-dryer switch off, the chosen memory.
Washer and this to the Turn this clockwise only. To should the that the of the with the the on/off flashing. seconds, the accepted, flashing and the If to the or of the OFF and seconds. the accepted, flashes, and then the off. You this to the operation. Select of the the on/off and The and the flashing motion and off) to that this phase, the and the should to the and the washer- turning the when OFF (Stop). the right choice easy. Drying This allows to the to which ready or bone ready the the correctly the to as as the It to the the recommended It allows to reduce the recommended the selected and to It pre-wash; the Bleach. The Prewash With this the Wool This function allows clothes to of the without it to You with Press and Press this such and the to .You the If this the the easy function. RPM Throttle this to reduce the from to the and and from to the Press This function and Press of this function recommended when and of used. Recommended of On-Off To the washer-dryer, To off, that Turning the off the selected On-Off flashes when the switched and instructions and the of indicating that the It flashes when the should steady light the the selected Drying this that and the of the the the selected Instructions and
What seasons of and of COTTON HEAVY DUTY Exceptionally whites and (sheets, tablecloths, Heavily whites and intermediate and Slightly whites and and (shirts, intermediate and and Drying Drying the selected PERMANENT PRESS Heavily synthetics anti-crease or synthetics anti-crease or of slightly Short synthetics and of slightly or /Stop with the and Drying synthetic Drying the selected DELICATES (SYNTHETICS) or or and Wool and or with the and excluded) Drying synthetic Drying the selected DELAY START hour hours the selected IMPORTANT: TO CANCEL THE WASH PROGRAM YOU HAVE JUST SET, SET THE WASHER KNOB TO THE RESET POSITION AND WAIT FOR AT LEAST SECONDS. The found the purely and to the and type of the and the Instructions and of Pre-wash Bleach of the Enhanced NORMAL tights and and items them
combined and Drying to Combined (Wash&Dry) to the and follow the instructions MAX to and Follow the instructions the section "Starting the Washer- the Press the If the to and the then: follow the instructions only section "Starting the Washer-Dryer" and follow these instructions. when the finished, and of the follow the instructions only this the of the IMPORTANT the of than the synthetic to torn, or non-hemmed If protection. with whites. Watch the the weight stated below of Synthetic the clothes than other that: the correctly; the the the turned the Washer to the the type of the Press to Drying light flashes slowly. Turn the washer-dryer off the the Once the clothes from the the or to the formation of and off the attached with Bathrobe: tablecloth bathrobe Colored T-shirtss and shirts turned Printed T-shirts and sweatshirts should The the type of than others), the of the when the and the amount of the Table and (rather thick) to type type Ward- Iron Clothing of Terry Shirts Acrylics tights, The contained the purely the phase, the to the to clothes that washed with or the to or that the turned the This washer-dryer to clothes which pre-washed with that the of or other the To the the and with the It recommended that should the from the and off the supply. the to allow to the and the This A. Drying WARNING tights and and items them WOOL CYCLE to than of and
or fresh Work If of and treatment. If bleach. Candle Scrape off clean white or layers of Press with with cleaning If bleach Scrape of with Chewing with to Scrape off with with cleaning or then thoroughly. If with and with cleaning If with bleach To yellow with and nearly to Coffee or Tea (Black) fresh immediately Then bleach treatment with the through from height of to Coffee or Tea (With Cream) or Work Dry. If grease with cleaning necessary. If bleach or rouge Apply to or and or thick Work If bleach Cream, or with cool or cool or If to then Bleach necessary. and or thoroughly with and If bleach with You to with thoroughly. or Work If necessary, bleach. to used. or Meat Juice If with meat If Instructions and Chart with cleaning or bleach. The of first with thoroughly. effective the of the If cleaning used. with cleaners to this thoroughly. with Reapply fresh immediately with cool Then bleach treatment with through from height of to Work with Bleach, necessary. Grease or Scrape or household with If thoroughly with grease Dry. necessary. To or bleach. First of cloth. repeatedly with or effective. Bleach necessary. and other NOTE: off to from spreading. of bleach of cool to then repeatedly cool or clay hours. If bleach. Polish Treat while fresh, or off as as white towels. back of or with and of household frequently. with or or or recommended as thinner or If bleach.
or thoroughly with and If the of the treating with or Apply to fresh with Apply to with and Iron Apply to of of of to Scorch or Work Bleach, necessary. to UNDERSTANDING FABRIC CARE LABELS The of choicing the the right and Dont to to these indications Shoe Polish Scrape off as as with If with to or with or with Bleach necessary. Soft with invisible when they when heated and to and with grease or cool If the then If necessary, bleach. Select the right Instructions and
Its about the The first the the You follow the the when or to the the and the clothes the right automatically. pre-washing that the bleach when The tically the to the each seconds the installation and that of to pre-wash items. with or the these to the instructions found the too which the that specifically both and tion. One when with reduce the amount of it easily than of would wasted. cleansing The and cleaned: outwards, as indicated the Then Bleach and If bleaching necessary, the of the the bleach, to the indicated the The of the bleach the of the pre-wash Traditional bleach white whereas bleach synthetics and pre-washing or Additives Bleach and bleach. You bleach with the NOTE: BLEACH ONLY WORKS WITH HOT WASH TEMP.
Troubleshooting calling, the following when washer-dryer to the easily without to technician. these The washer-dryer to the correctly the It while cleaning. there electricity the house? switched off as of too the to WARNING WINTERIZING YOUR WASHER/DRYER To washer/dryer please, follow the instructions below to to to With the off, This allow the the and hose to evacuated. the shut-off and the hoses. There should the hoses where they the back of the IF ANTIFREEZE IS BEING USED IN THE SYSTEM FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS: the followed) the of coach, the washer to and allow to flow detected. the and allow to seconds. the and then to the of the from the With the off, from This allow the the and hose to evacuated. If the shut-off and the hoses. the should and protected from service allow to to purged from the If further to this please Technical free the washer-dryer closed properly? reasons, the washer-dryer the or properly. the On/Off pressed? If then the Washer the those concerned? the supply turned reasons, the washer-dryer The washer-dryer to with the hose correctly connected to the there shortage There building or there The malfunctioning. the clean? If the or recently the the with and the hose The hose to washer-dryer as straight as or You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or The Washer the to the switch the washer-dryer off, of the OFF then switch back If the to turn, showing The washer-dryer continuously and the hose too It height from to to the of the hose the breather If the these the supply off the and If of there with To this Instructions and
The washer-dryer or the selected incorporate the of the and to selected manually. the function -where This function selection the clogged? To off the supply, the washer- and follow the instructions or technical the hose from authorized service and where the with the than of to as This why the through the there of to the without renouncing cleanliness. top of that, electricity. Instructions and The hose as straight as the hose or the washer-dryers hose clogged? there of the If incorrectly, the flow? the installation? the following the washer-dryer correctly? The of the should the and them with there the and If built-in the washer-dryer the of should therefore around The washer-dryer the of the hose properly attached? Turn off the supply, the and try its without forcing the obstructed? and the hose attached? Turn off the supply, the and try its Too the whether the its reads or and or other the amount used? amount of too effective and the internal of the The washer-dryer whether: the correctly the there electricity home; the properly; selected; to and the to The washer-dryer properly. whether: the of the hose the obstructed; the the the If, the washer-dryer to function and the authorized Customer Service the following information: the of malfunction the type the (S/N This information found the plate the back of the washer-dryer.
and Treat and years of free service washer-dryer life. It as to washer-dryer to service years. to its and It to off when the This protects the hoses, If the often white around or information about the type of the emptied, or other CLEANING THE EXTERIOR The washer-dryer should cleaned with and of the which plastics. Cleaning the If where phosphate the and the The washer-dryer with self-cleaning that cleaning or the buttons, To they withheld located the right of the To access, ease the top of the plate the of the with screwdriver to release Then ease the top to allow to clear or below the of the pre-chamber to catch that might the turning counter- clockwise finished cleaning, that the cover securely the the its the and ease the top back The hose the hoses least once If cracks, the hose immediately. washer- and cracked easily hoses purchase. to to the washer phosphate used, and the washer This or where heavily To this build-up, the washer through using and of clothes, or other Once the should satisfactory follow the this owners GENERAL MAINTENANCE the should turned off to the hoses. the of the with cloth to Periodically, thin of Attention: to this first that the finished its and empty. the as with should to the or the washer; to the which immediately to the This the from and which of these Clear the Coin Trap Clear the of instructions, please the section below. too already the that the of with of without or too or additives this and to washer-dryer. It to the regularly. To from the low-sudsing If to to serious to washer-dryer. Instructions and
Cleaning Technical characteristics o o C ity fro to o fro to o o o o o tio o o o tio to of the the right to to its without to its Instructions and o ith to to the the hose to least the of the the hoses securely.
Instructions and
EQUATOR CONTACT NUMBERS SERVICE: PARTS ACCESSORIES:(888) DETERGENT: TECHNICAL SUPPORT: Corporation, Houston, Texas Printed Italy. rights to without Services