MD 3720CEE (WHITE PLATINUM) VENTLESS BRAND: MERIDIAN SERVICE MANUAL LAUNDRY PRODUCTS Washer MODELS
Warranty Information Servicing Pre Service Instructions Technical Troubleshooting Procedure, Testing of Information TABLE OF CONTENTS
FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY Appliances to the consumer-owner to or, Appliances option, to of this which to workmanship or family or household the U.S.A., of year from the of purchase. this Appliances and to such of charge, the and operated with Appliances written instructions furnished with the Ready to the service, the responsibility of the consumer-owner. Geographic If the location than from Advanced Appliances its option, offer Warranty, service found. Responsibility such instances that of the consumer-owner. Appliances however technical repairs. WARRANTY SERVICE This warranty Appliances, Houston, N, Houston, Texas Service this warranty obtained the following Appliances Authorized Service of from or telephone directory). service business hours to If service obtained, the toll-free GENERAL Since the responsibility of the consumer-owner to establish the warranty the purchase Appliances that of or other that This warranty rights, and other rights which from to WARRANTY INFORMATION EXCLUSIONS Appliances or or from such as incorrect or acts of This warranty cover service which workmanship or covered this warranty. Accordingly, and service which workmanship or the responsibility of the consumer-owner. the following covered warranty and warranty or cleaning of and/or covered. The factor the malfunctioned or the or something to to malfunction allow the or of or the or apply to Please The warranty service Appliance and hence service please Appliance CONTACT INFORMATION APPLIANCE DESK Houston N, Houston, TX Service:
To the of and/or property that servicing The following without of such as to to it and satisfactory servicing or off supply. off supply. with the operation of USE ONLY REPLACEMENT PARTS CATALOGED FOR THIS APPLIANCE. SUBSTITUTIONS MAY DEFEAT COMPLIANCE WITH SAFETY STANDARDS SET FOR HOME APPLIANCES. GROUNDING: The ground wires GREEN or GREEN with YELLOW STRIPES. leads to as carrying conductors. IT IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT THAT THE SERVICE TECHNICIAN RE-ESTABLISH ALL SAFETY GROUNDS PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF SERVICE. FAILURE TO DO SO WOULD CREATE POTENTIAL HAZARD. RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT REMOVE COVER OR BACK. DO NOT EXPOSE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. NO USER SERVICABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL. SAFE SERVICING PRACTICES CAUTION DO NOT OPEN to the to service that: and correctly and securely connected. and tested DO NOT TEST FOR GAS LEAKS WITH FLAME. leads properly and from high-temperature and heaters, from and grounds (both internal and to the correctly and securely connected. properly and securely reassembled. CAUTION! servicing location where the supply (such as vacation) the the and allow the to allowing and to there or the within to the to the of within the that of to of shock to within to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the WARNING: TO PREVENT FIRE OR SHOCK HAZARD, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS PRODUCT TO RAIN OR MOISTURE.
The hoses with the washers. These washers tight the hoses and the to Water should flow freely the that the hoses or Please the following the of the hose to the the of the cold-water hose to the cold-water to each the white of hose to the connected to the H the white L-shaped of cold-water hose to the connected to the C Hose the hose to (with internal of least inches) or to or that there or The free height of least from the the hose the the of the back below) U-Connector The of the hose through the U-Connector (included). This which the or the of the to the U-Connector the hose to of the which to the surrounding INSTALLATION MD CEE
IMPORTANT PRESERVICE INSTRUCTIONS It to through the following actually the The shipped with and spacers to to the that the and the spacers from the Height of The hose should such that the height of the hose and than inches from the of the Water this to connected as as that supply to both the supply supply should connected to the The properly of the The should and or increases of the the should thin and of bracings should and the should of Please the instructions the and the found to malfunctioning to of the of, the to the service with the If the willing to the service the the warranty then.
DIAGNOSIS AND TECHNICAL TROUBLESHOOTING INSTALLATION or There which with the spacers. front and to location or to Pre service instructions from foot:: foot. Water from screwed properly: Screw properly. and screw properly/Replace with (Porthole WASH CYCLE MD CEE MD V) Unit input: that the and or OK. switch. that hoses connected and that the supply turned and hoses outlet below Route hose through the rear of the least the closed tightly: firmly, that Switch/ lock: the washer to Switch On the 115V AC of the switch and the If the switch the switch defective.(Make that the properly) Switch. with the Switch the the to the switch and the switch, It should there reading then the switch the washer to Switch On the 115V AC the terminals of EVC EVF (Cold 115V the or Water If 115V AC and
the should If the Unit the properly. Switch: the washer to Switch the The should and to the 115V AC of the switch and the If the switch the switch Motor: the the washer to Switch the The should and to the AC wires M3 M5 the should 115V AC 16V AC, should M7 M5, found as the or the the the washer to Switch the The Should and to the AC wires M3 M5 the should 115V AC 15V AC, should M7 M5, found as the or the Unit Coin the from the housing and the hose: or outlet than the to (One from off) and switch the 115V AC the the 115V AC the to (One from off) and switch the 115V AC the the 115V AC the Unit Unit Shock that tight. Press the and the force to enough force the or they Unit There which with the spacers.
Unstable carpeting, to another location, or Unit properly: If then the top cover and the If the of the the to or the Water from Unit with Not Won't Water supply off: interrupted: Won't If the friction with the allow the to the and to the advancing. to Delicates) function Delicates). If the the Water with off Water and back flushing to cleaning the Unit Switch: With terminals and switch continuity. Switch then or switch There the switch hose or the the Water Won't Switch: the and to off switch to should If the switch mechanically the switch and the (latch) the trying to the with the other hand. the switch. Unit Pre Towels/sheets /Active wear Motor: Testing of the to the from the off the the
and the M1 the there continuity, the the terminals the there then the or the Unit Normal Wool Motor: Testing of the to the from the off the Normal the and the M1 the there continuity, the the terminals the there then the or the Unit when the switched switch: the With terminals and switch continuity. Motor: the and the the Clothes the of Water Won't Won't DRY CYCLE MD CEE MD V) action input: that and or, OK. switch. closed: firmly, that tightly. and Clothes and the of Heat the the to the instructions and necessary. advanced the cool-down than Thermostats the Thermal continuity. Heating the the washer off 115V AC the terminals of the and the operating, the or the the heater housing 115V AC.
Clothes and the of Coin clean, and supply: Cold to function properly. flow and Blower and clean. to with 115V AC the If *Blower housing to Seals mismatched: blower housing from that properly to MD CEE Drying High or other low-suds brand. Measure or and hoses reversed: hoses to the section malfunction: and to Clothes the of Coin clean, and the height of the should from the of the the Hose from to the hose from to allowing flowing the to the If the and found to the with the enough to the the efficiency of the using cloth and the to and the the cloth the the Clothes High or other low-suds brand.
Procedure, Testing of Switch Procedure: the the top screws and back) the washer and the Screws) the switch cover the switch. the switch the the the switch the back. with the switch and the as below. the back following the switch Testing Procedure: Cold the There the
Switch Procedure: the the the to the the front to the switch. Unscrew the screws to the switch. with the switch and the as below. the back following the Switch IPX IP Testing Procedure: Cold the the to the of the switch as the which the switch and continuity terminals If there switch Please The terminals the switch Switch MRL MRN
Switch Procedure: the the top screws and back) the screw to the switch and the the back following the Switch P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P10 Testing Procedure: Cold continuity terminals If there continuity the stated terminals the switch Please The switch to with the
Cold Procedure: the the top screws and back) the screws the back which the C) the to the hoses. with the and the as below. the back following the Cold Testing Procedure: the washer to the and switch the You should 115V AC the terminals EVFX EVF and the should with the the the washer to the off and the to and switch the You should 115V AC the terminals EVA EVAX. Please The should locked properly and there should enough to the supply. EVAX EVA EVFX EVF
Procedure: the the top screws and back) the screws the back which the H) the to the with the and the as below. the back following the Testing Procedure: the washer to the Towels and switch the You should 115V AC the terminals EVCX EVC and the should with the the Please The should properly and there should enough to the supply. EVC EVCX
Procedure: the the top screws and back) the washer and the Screws) the screw that the to the and the the screws that the and the the housing of wires from the terminals of the and the the back following the Please The to as shown the The should that it holding the follower properly. The washer than the other) and there the thicker than the other) and matching the to the thicker or there of follower
Procedure: the the top screws and back) the washer and the Screws) the screws that the and the the wires the and the the back following the Testing Procedure: Cold Turn the to and terminals the TAC and should than Please The with should the top. TAB TAB1 TAA1 TAA TAC
Switch Procedure: the the top screws and back) the washer and the Screws) the switch cover the switch. the switch the the the switch towards the back. with the switch and the as below. the back following the switch Testing Procedure: Cold the pushed There continuity the terminals the There the terminals
Heat Switch Procedure: the the top screws and back) the washer and the Screws) the switch cover the heat switch. the heat switch matching the the the switch the back. with the switch and the as below. the back following the Heat switch Testing Procedure: Cold the heat There the terminals the heat There continuity the terminals
with Procedure: the the top screws and back) The located the heater housing as shown the There the covering the the housing. the screw and the and the as below. the back following the Testing Procedure: screw with Screw heater Cold the the terminals of the there continuity the
Thermostat Procedure: the the top screws and back) The located the heater housing as shown the There the covering the the housing. the screw and the and the as below. the back following the Thermostat Testing Procedure: Cold the continuity the terminals with and the terminals with the there continuity the thermostat FD FE FDX FEX
Procedure: the the top screws and back) The mounted the heater housing. the to the hater housing. the top) the heater housing. screws and The blower mounted the of the with the of the clockwise) and the blower. the screws top). the and the as below. the back following the MV TF
Blower Assembly Procedure: the the top screws and back) the to the hater housing. the top) the heater housing. screws and The blower mounted the of the with the of the clockwise) and the blower. the the back following the Blower assembly
Heating Procedure: the the top screws and back) The heating located the heater housing. the to the hater housing. the top) the heater housing. screws and the and the heating the and the as below. the back following the Heating Testing Procedure: the washer off and the You should 115V AC the terminals of the heating the heating the heating One of the RA
Procedure: the the top screws and back) The located the right the back of the the housing of the screws the back) the and the the as below. the back following the Please The should as the there that the immediately. RV1 RV2 RVF RV3 RV4 RV5 RV6 RV7
Procedure: the that there the the the the and the the the four and the the to the hoses the the screws that the to the and the the as below. the back following the Testing Procedure: the washer to from the off and switch the The should 115V AC supply and should If the or the PSL PSN
Procedure: the that there the the back screws the back) the the the and the the the four and the The with the and the the as below. the back following the M4 M8 M7 M3 M2 M5 M1 Testing Procedure: Cold the the following the match about, the Please the the M6
the to that the following the below: Checking the washer to the and the the with from both the the to and the to Then the the to the and the the the and to Checking the washer to the off of the and The heating and the Please this the the and the washer to the however the the
COMPANY INFORMATION ACCESSORIES DETERGENT ORDERING: TECHNICAL SUPPORT: APPLIANCE DESK BRAND: MERIDIAN CONTACT NUMBERS SERVICE, PARTS,