www.ergotron.com Inc. CRT Arm Mounting of facility
of Inc. Reproduction of this whole or other than that authorized Inc. prohibited. Inc. rights
CRT Arm Mounting of Introduction Product Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms and Arms N12 Arm NEMA Arms Arm Platforms Rotation Mounting Command Wall Tracks Wall Bracket Mounts and Arms Peripherals and CPU and Peripheral Security Straps Footrests Strips Capacity Other Keyboard/Laptop Mounts CRT Mounting
Introduction CRT Mounting C RT Arms the to and to These offer of and and positioning Arms and Mounting allow of workstation tight and congested while occupying or Several options Mount to workbench, or Command Wall Tracks, Wall or Mounts. of to fully-functional that of Arm Rotation of Rotation of Swivel offers of mounting specially information, Mounting www.ergotron.com. to to of
Product Arms Mounting Arms Arms Arms Arms Arms N12 Arms NEMA Arms Arm CRT Mounting Command Wall Tracks Wall Peripherals Mounts Platforms Rotation CPU Worksurfaces Footrests Security Straps Strips
with of CRT Mounting of to Mounts to Command Bracket Arm to Arm Arm CPU Bracket to Fold-Away Peripheral Bracket Peripheral to Bracket Peripheral to Command Bracket Arm to Arm Arm 3T Arm without shroud Platform C Command Bracket Arm to Arm CPU CPU Bracket Peripheral to 3T
with of Wall Track, 34"L Arm Bracket Arm to Wall Track B Arm CPU Bracket Peripheral to Wall Track Peripheral Table Fold-Away Bracket Peripheral to Wall Track Wall Track, 26"L Arm Bracket Arm to Wall Track Platform Arm Mount Arm Arm Arm Wall Track, 34"L Arm Bracket Arm to Wall Track CPU Bracket Peripheral to Wall Track Wall Mounting Bracket Arm Arm CRT Mounting
Arms Arms Without Shroud With Shroud Arms Arms Arms CRT Mounting Arms and to the of Their These with or turned and with Platform platform to Capacity Arm without Shroud Arm without Shroud Arm with Shroud Swivel Arm Platforms Rotation The 6-inch to or to inches or inches. or to Capacity A Arm B Arm A Arm B Arm C Arm Swivel Arm Rotation Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket
Arms Arm Mount Mount Arm This offers and It inches vertically. Includes Platform and Quick-Release to the Mount to or to If mounting to choose the which attaches to to thick, or the Mount, which through to to and to thick. to Capacity Arm Mount Mount below) If mounting to Mount required. If mounting to or Mount required. Swivel Arm Platform included with Arm Mount Arms Mount with Mounting inches of sit-to-stand user to inches and to Capacity Arm Swivel Arm Rotation Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket Mounts Command Wall Track Wall Bracket without Shroud Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket CRT Mounting
Arms and Arms Arm Arm CRT Mounting inches of or It the sit-to-stand This and built-in Its as with or with Platform). or to Capacity Arm without Shroud Arm Swivel Arm Platforms Rotation Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket Arm Arm
Arms N12 Arm NEMA Arms included Top The N12 Arm UL the NEMA allowing to mount NEMA include inches of and integrated offers industry interface while allowing isolation of to Capacity N12 Arm Routing N12 Arm, foot 1-foot included with N12 Arm. Routing N12 Arm separately. Swivel Arm Rotation Compatible with Arms with allows positioning of to Capacity Arm Arm Arm Arm mounting to Command with only. to information Arm Rotation positioning NEMA Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket Mounting Command Wall Track Wall Bracket Command Wall Track Wall Bracket attaches to Arm, which to Command or Wall Track Wall Bracket CRT Mounting
Arm 3T Platforms Rotation CRT Mounting with and securely within the Choose to The further to height. Height Depth* Width* Capacity* 3T and as wide-backed measured from front of wide-backed monitors; measured from front of Platforms with and Straps included to the polyurethane easy cleaning. features bottom-mounted that specially to the Arm. Platform polyurethane Arm Platform polyurethane Arms Platform Arms The optional Rotation the rotation of arm. This allows the of rotation to Rotation both wrench. Arm Rotation Platform Arm Platform Arms (includes (includes front
Mounting Command Command Mounting P/N Mounting Mount Mount Not recommended* Arm or Arm Arm or Arm Arm or Arm Arm Arm(s) with Arm(s) with Arm or Arm CRT Arm The should mounted to or CRT mounting to or to should and/or with heavy loads. The Command or to the from the or to or (choose mounting from the below). It interface that mount Choose of that and the of to mount. to mount and to noted otherwise routing to allow to through them. Other information. Mounting and Table below to which base/mounting and arm(s) to choose. Top and mounted to Command Arm and CRT Mounting CPU Bracket mounting and peripheral to Command
Mounting Command attaching to and the mounting to mounting of It to with the architectural, or to that mounting mounted properly to loads. Mounting Command Mounting attaching to Mounting Arms to Command CRT Mounting Select the when mounting to or Compatible with Post(s) Command anchors Mounting to or recommended using CRT the when attaching to shown mount Select the Mounting when mounting to or workbench. Compatible with Post(s) Mounting Mounting If mounting to to customer. mounting to with these to Arm Mounting included Bracket Arm, head Bracket Arm, head Bracket Arm, head or mounted to Command and offsetting Arm mounted height Customer threaded to anchor or below
Mounting Command CPU Arm of of CPU Arms mounted mounted Mounting Peripherals to Command height Bracket Peripheral to Mount to the or of these Bracket Arm to or Arm Arm CPU mounting Arm or to Command only. Peripherals noted otherwise) mounting to Command to the to which Bracket Peripheral, Bracket Peripheral, Bracket Peripheral, the selection of If to mount and peripheral the Bracket Arm to and CPU of Arms mounted CRT Mounting
Mounting Wall Tracks Bracket Arm to Wall Track Wall Track and the mounting to mounting of It to with the architectural, or to that mounting mounted properly to loads. CRT Mounting The Wall Track mounting low-cost mounting that This to such as walls, and and interface that mount anywhere its length. Choose of Wall Track that the and of to mount. Wall Track Wall Track Wall Track Wall Track Wall Track Mounting Application Wall Track Mounting or LG screw Wall Track Mounting Hollow LG screw/toggle anchor Track Mount Bracket Mounting Screws Bracket Suspension, Arm to Wall Track head screws Bracket Arm to Wall Track head screws Bracket to Wall Track head screws the selection of Arm Wall Track CPU Arm and
Mounting Wall Bracket and the mounting to mounting of It to with the architectural, or to that mounting mounted properly to loads. Mounts Mount The Wall Bracket allows mounting of directly to or or This the Arm Wall Mounting Bracket that Wall Bracket to that to included Mounts allow of to or They only with the Arm. to thick Mount through to to to thick Arm with Wall Bracket Mount CRT Mounting Arm
Arms Arm, and information other mounts. CRT Mounting of the then when or mount and Platforms. Capacity Arm only) Arm only) of the then when or mount and Platforms. with Keyboard/Mouse below). Keyboard/Mouse Accessories: with the Keyboard/Mouse or to or to or and and easy-clean Arms Mount this worksurface or and back, and inches, to and smooth motion and Arm with Arm Arm, easy-clean or with
Peripherals and CPU and CPU with back cover CPU Mount CPUs Three to to Mount to Command Wall Track, or directly to (D Capacity CPU CPU CPU CPU CPU mounting to Command or Wall Track, required. mounting directly to CPU CPU Shelves: CPU They to Mount to Command Wall Track, or directly to routed through back CPU Shelf, CPU Shelf, CPU Shelf CPU Shelf, with the Command mounting to Command or Wall Track, required. mounting directly to CPU Shelf CPU CPU to mount and to It with front and back The and back through routing the CPU mounting to Command mounting to Command CPU mounting to Wall Track To mount CPU vertically Command or Wall Track, To mount CPU Command or Wall Track, required. Bracket when mounting to Command or Wall Track CRT Mounting
Peripherals and Peripheral Fold-Away and Table shown and (below) Security Straps PC Straps of locking Strap Strap CRT Mounting The Peripheral Table writing or holding Grey finish. with or Fold-Away Mount to Command Wall Track, or directly to Fold-Away mounting to Command mounting to Command mounting to Wall Track mounting directly to To mount Fold-Away to Command or Wall Track, required. Peripheral Table with worksurface to further choose from the Strap with or the Strap with Includes Capacity Strap and 8-foot Strap PC Strap Fasteners/Leash Strap and Strap Strap and Strap Strap and Strap (each) of Strap Lift-off Lift-off Strap
Peripherals and includes and 12-foot XXXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXX Strips the the Command or directly to to to the Capacity To mount to Command required. Routing Tubes: The Routing 1-inch The 12-foot to that The N12 Arm that and NEMA when NEMA Arm. Routing Routing foot N12 Arm, that mounted to To the then the closed. They the or screws. Accessories: The Routing includes and that and of Routing Routing The offers protection and with The to outlets. Both housing and 15-foot cord. with outlets AMP) with outlets AMP) (L D) of CRT Mounting
Capacity CRT Mounting Arms Arms A B A B C Arm Arm Arms N12 Arm Arms arm, Arm CPU CPU Peripheral Fold-Away Capacity of Arms Wall Track Capacity Arm 6"V 13"L 6"V 19"L 12"V N12 6"V 13"L 6"V 19"L 12"V N12 6"V 13"L 6"V 19"L 12"V N12 6"V 13"L 6"V 19"L 12"V N12 Wall Bracket Capacity Command Capacity
Wall Track Arms Wall Mount Bracket and Arms TOP CRT Mounting and N12 Arms Interface N12 Arm
HD-2 HD-2 WorkStand shown with WorkCenter shown with Mount Arm. CRT Mounting the computing or what type of computing to to the high-quality and with and the HD-2 The HD-2 easy to where with and both and the HD-2 information. WorkStand The WorkStand and allowing the user to from to It to or height, the Mounting information. WorkCenter The WorkCenter workstation with and the WorkCenter information. If what Custom and applications.
Other Mounts Several and mounting products from Choose from and that and/or to the of and featured of this with these products.Use with Command Wall Track and other mounting Composed of and high-impact plastic, these and built to to This low-profile mount the when Mount them to and choice. Arms products motion. Combine these together to inches, or back of the when neatly routed through the arm. Arm Arms products through 16-inch of motion. or with to to Arm with with Arms and the Arm of motion of inches. That sit-to-stand routed and within the arm. Arm, with information, the Mounting www.ergotron.com. Arm of motion CRT Mounting
CRT Mounting To performance from workstation, the following topics installation: The of the The of the only? entry? and mounting height of the to user(s) or only? and both? height of users? The positioning this established to the interface when the following Mounting of the workstation to its when seated height If the of the than the height the of users, this to the and/or of the or increased of Mounting the workstation to its when If the of the than the height the of users, to the and/or of the or increased of Sit-to-Stand Mounting the workstation to its when shifting or that only the and N12 Arms of this Height The height this forth the following and based this chosen to mounting height of workstations: Height The following height mounting based the sound that and the top of the CRT should with or slightly below the height of the This to the of the as shown the below. Elbow/Typing Another mounting height of workstation to or height of operators. offers of options: below the CRT others both and should to height relationship the and the CRT
of of This the who the of to This the who the of to Height/Elbow The following height and height based anthropometric the US Anthropometric of height/elbow height from top of CRT to trayroughly Workstation with of height the of to or Workstation with of sit-to-stand workstation of height of cover the sit-to-stand of to operators, The mounting height to workstation of or If increased required, reference the below, which anthropometric of US include height, usually and Anthropometric of Workstation with of height the to or height top of CRT to To sit-to-stand the to workstation with of of the shortest of and the of the US CRT Mounting
the effectiveness of with Products ince and products specifically the interface with computers. incorporate the factor each and With as the Mounting that consistently the of customers. Representatives with to and to cost-effectively those If that and to Inc. Inc.: MN; www.ergotron.com The Netherlands;