Not Inc.
Not Inc. Sound Text Network Info Security Sounds Clear Inbox Hyphenate and and Scratchpad Entry Entry the that appear to each and and then Press to MENU YES You the the The and using MENU or Press to the or NO menus/features
www.ericsson.com/phones purchase and the products www.ericsson.com/phones Not Inc. PBM "Ericsson", and "ERICSSON ORIGINAL ACCESSORIES" each U.S. LM of of information, or to and/or Inc., and This published Inc., without warranty. and to this typographical without however, incorporated editions of this United No.2238414B; HK0940329; of T9 Text or of the following: U.S. and DE/DK, FI, FR, IT,NL,PT.ES,SE,GB; and of Inc. Publication AE/LZT R3 Inc. rights Printed USA
Not Inc.
Table of within the Phones Accessing the Short Service (SMS) Not Inc. The Highlights of Started. of and Connecting and Battery Charging Battery Turning On and Wireless Differences and Initial Performance the (INF You Troubleshooting Phonebook Info Functions Troubleshooting Accessories, Accessibility, and
and Product and Battery Information Not Inc.
The features and services this Operation, operates to informa- features band) and band). tion. Highlights of Not Inc. shown the following typeface: shown the following typeface: MENUS shown the following typeface: BACK The ID service or who You the to of Service this instructs to and release the Text that the shown the following typeface: this instructs to and and the to seconds. this instructs to then the other. MENU MENU then and and The the received, or the scratchpad. Press the arrow the when this Press the arrow the when this The
such as and Protects phone and from unauthorized with rity Security Waiting allows to incoming while already Waiting the and easy SMS and text You the option to Short Service (SMS) Not Inc. to which phone or You from MENU and The clearly the the to through the and phone phonebook or and You YES account). phone through phonebook Press and the tions. account. and holding the to the of offering services, of and Services Predictive Text This input Text Entry T9 Text Entry You choice of with options. Sound or numbers. The first Allows the as as credit Sounds The
to initiate and them together. Three-Way Three-Way Calling Inc. Allows to when The and updated when Format and that users with wireless to to the and specially interactive services and WAP Operation Wireless Application (WAP) The
Started Connecting and Battery should the of the the the back of the The the of the the top of the the The the should Not Inc. Connecting information the functionality, of Press hear click. The connected. Battery Connector On/Off Charging the the of the with MENU BACK Started
the of The the the the charger with the the the and of the cavity. Press the the the which continuously and alternated The when the and with the Not Inc. to charge while the phone On, while using or It that charge phone with tery attached to If Both chargers supply Charging Battery Charger while or the the charger cord! NEVER the charger to phone that phone charged, the charging the phone the charge-only this activated, If phone off, attaching the the phone to mated appears the phone Charge-Only To the the connected to the and the the charger the If the AC and charging to the If the the with the and facing Started
Press the to the to The shown the charging the battery. charged, the the connected, shown The that shown the while the wireless Press YES with the You BACK to or the or and BACK to Not Inc. The become when the the phone immediately charge-only when the charger Charging Battery nected. You or when charge-only the charger to the phone hours to charge) the battery. or and the YES If ID) service from phone the sounds, appears the and the and backlight service the shown the The appear the found You temporarily the NO or the To the NO charging the the charging the hours the should the charge-only automatically. Turning On and the phone information the once the answered. the NO The phone activated). Turn and holding NO Turn On and holding phone NO off. You to to off information about and and Started
You phone Browser, and Wireless Operation. Not Inc. offers of the of telephone, including and and and text to the shown below, ready to and allows to the and You while Operation Wireless with or to the Wireless allows to phone as Operation information, Operation Started
Operation Press to and MENU off. restricts from You PIN to the that the The to or where off. that there Inbox or Not Inc. Operation, and telephone with and or from and and text shows the relative of battery. nected to and the the the which continuously battery. If the Battery displayed the and empty, and the charging that sounds. Press to or off. MENU operating or The Service shows whether the phone If found, appear. If the roaming lowercase appear. roaming that sounds. the of text New Text that read. The appears when text The shown text the of New that heard. The appears when The shown
Option the MESSAGES appear this location or found. Option the Info CALL INFORMATION Option the BROWSER Option the SETTINGS Not Inc. Accessing that the phone and ready or the informa- tion shows the from the wireless More of displayed the Press to choose the function, or that selected. YES instance, to the SETTINGS You and the MENU Press to through functions and function. Press to back the NO Press to the completely. BACK Press to the MENU The clearly the the and to through the and below the when highlighted. options. The title of the selected option displayed The that the The the following choices PHONEBOOK and information. Phonebook MENU Option the PHONEBOOK
the Scratchpad. Once the the If to of phone from the Scratchpad location or type the and to included this YES The displays phonebook their and instance, the Auto-hyphen input phone You Auto-hyphen On or Not Inc. Hyphenate The allows to and accompanying and accompanying The appears the of the field to The allows to from phone the Entry services that from service The choices specifying and ESSAGES text and entry. You prompted to security PIN to allow information, Security The allows to every The allows to phonebook (including These their location The appear the indicating that the rather than and The of that appear the to the of and the The allows to and service from service The allows to search or location. YES included this This displays or includes NAMs). Entry
Info displayed The and The C allows to information and establish ALL INFO and phone selections to and options and statistics. this service It Press from the to the received, YES or the scratchpad. Not Inc. of The to text or The New, and The allows to text appear the and the text Press Press to the YES YES One of following appear to each the From this the to or the Press, and YES Press BACK or from the or of text that to the of text The You the options to or to the the the The and SMS You and the Missed The allows to of and text Inbox and without scratchpad
using the You the to High. You selection or The allows to the of the using the The from Then to selection. YES Ear received and the the The displays the of and counters. Press to YES The allows to choose the type of sound or the Each sound or as through the There sounds. Sound Not Inc. and the the The displays the of roaming and counters. Press to YES The allows to choose the sound when The four options or High. You of sounds to include On and The shows the of and the hours and that the of the The allows to Clear when each while On and This displays or phone includes NAMs). selection or Then to YES The from to High. You The allows to the of the tion. Sounds
The allows to to and only or Next On, Next and On. instance, appear the To the or Press to the The MENU The to from the to tory-programmed You this to security the Security If PIN, service assis- such as and numbers. The phone PIN that to to PIN The active choose On and On apply off You PIN to the Not Inc. Security temporarily and the user the the If while the the restricts from PIN. include On, and and (including each the To the On. The the phone to the or found the The phone to include On and AutoRetry The options On and to On, seconds received. locations include and this to This outgoing to that only Only), the phone allow The allows to On and and the The options phonebook through and holding the to the
The allows to what to There three options the Select, and Next (including to or from, the both when to If with numbers, options include On and If Select, choose from: Select Not Inc. the phone The The allows to the English, Spanish, and The to the Backlight, and of the the The phone to the first. If switch to If neither the non-home or the non-home The forced to only first, The forced to first, the to the and backlight- or pressed. The to or to On seconds when and the to the information that displayed when phone You whatever would to to of or The the incoming or outgoing This allows to Choosing Next force the to Next options and Next and The the You the option to the to The or 24-hour Format Operation
The following The Info displays information such as the Preferred (PRL ID), and Network ID (SID/NID), and information. Info Not Inc. Operation information. You choose the text appears include Normal and This only affects the text This allows to Sound Text This allows to and You prompted to PIN to This typically should service include and Only. The sound when Inbox or include On and Network
Press from the to through the Press anywhere the to MENU Press to to the MENU MENU appearing Browser, and Wireless Operation. Press to easily characters text Press and to Stop character Press MENU POUND entry. Press and to VOICE MAIL Not Inc. Press incoming to temporarily Press and to phone ON and OFF. Press to clear Press to back Press to NO Functions Press or to Press to temporarily the Press to the backlight. IDE OLUME EYS of the incoming Press to lowercase and text entry. Press and to Press MENU STAR character text entry. Press and Press and to from Press and to to to characters. microphone. BACK Press to phone Press to Press to incoming Select or YES Press to through and text Press to throughout and ROCKER KEYS BACK
You the information YES the Microphone information and and or or to and Stop and or of with and each of numbers. This when to phone and then another such as To the microphone and the appears the when the BACK muted. the to BACK You the microphone Not Inc. Stop and To increase the ear the the of telephone the Press to YES this the You Ear You of and YES the to shown the holding The sounds when reaching its lowest The appear the battery. If phone turned the the hours that the charge to and then off. Charge the within this to charger to recharge or with capacity. To the ear the the of Battery shown the office that to of and holding seconds the You temporarily the following: To temporarily the tone without the appears the followed or the or NO Temporarily the
to service and that Three-Way Calling allow instead of the the and then YES the If the to The YES tones. or three to the To Three-way offered service and allows three-way the and YES Press to the first YES Not Inc. the first location. You then the You of which include and the phonebook location and YES the to three YES If of the other people connected with the other The three-way disconnected when If service international completing international with with phone as from other If information. International If service ID) service, shows the of incoming the If the that with the shown when phone If the ID information such as shown the ID restricted the service or or Restricted shown the The the Waiting You to phonebook the following: Creating offered service To service then and The YES If service from service YES to when the You switch the YES ready to both NO Press from the to the MENU
the character, or appears the to the once. To Press the or repeatedly, the Characters. Press to the PHONEBOOK the phone and YES Press to appear the right when characters. The characters that to the Not Inc. Press and to securely the YES (this from overwriting the Press to the first or another YES with another). the and The following YES to to Creating C You to phonebook the follow- Press from the to the MENU the and The following YES to to Press to the PHONEBOOK Press to The appear each to that the phonebook rather than phone Press and to securely the YES (this from overwriting the Press to the first or another YES with another). the and YES and lowercase
to YES the the text that already These of Press to the Press to YES YES Not Inc. Please back. OK Press and and to and Press and to the directly. Short Service (SMS) to phone YES appear. Press to or NO to back or YES the Select or the or and Select from the MESSAGES Select YES This allows to text to characters. Characters. from the MESSAGES information text New to the appear the right The of characters and the characters that while Text information. instance, Please from by_. the that the with Select the that to Several of the to throughout the to the Press to the Press to YES YES You without appear. Press to or NO to back or YES Select or the phone or and Select YES
to the The to text The of from the MESSAGES Press when or the YES from the MESSAGES reading the the option to or to the the or from the or The becomes the with the appear the found phone If the phone appear. If the first first and then The of the appear. Select to read. Not Inc. from One of the following appear You the of outgoing selecting the Press to the YES the phone to the Unread and prompting to the the that or If the with or appear, when arrives, If Unsuccess- Select You prompted to the phone (or Press the You text that originated. To or the or The The The SMS obtained from incoming SMS These include the reading SMS the option to to the appear allowing to the to to the Replying SMS appear. The text hear activated) and the text to the YES Reading Text when arrives. the
or written the text Not Inc. Please or The the as as the appear the the the appear the option to the or of the If such Sorry written the the and numbers. If text with numbers, should of these You to from This option the You prompted to MESSAGES PIN and then whether to the or 1-800-ERICSSON
If phonebook the You phonebook the and overwrite existing This allows to from within the (the the and to the that suspended). completing the the active the Not Inc. the This phone includes built-in that allows to typically includes and While Operation, displays information from the the The to You to the from Browser Operation. This includes weather, and of other The World as with If this to and from with and the The the The areas, the of the the and the the below the Phones If this to the with or the with If this as and
prompted to PIN. service You or Wireless Application (WAP) You should instructed to service You PIN. Network You the amount of allowed to to of increase of inactivity. three seconds, seconds, or Not Inc. The through the The lowing appear once the Accessing the While Browsing of its priority. Working within the The selecting the that service Each the browser, the appear. appear. Press to the MENU BROWSER The and the browser, service then choose to to and Priority and the appear. Priority The backlight and appear, and sound to sound, and that High Priority The and appear, received. You choose The Normal type) of including the The type) four including the You sound associated with The options On and Sound Text
the right You the You characters four The active which characters the right Text Entry to SMS or and acknowledge the The displayed the While Press the or repeatedly the character, or appears the to the once. To the allows to alphabetic Inc. The Gateway the IP of the to which three Gateway allowing to easily switch to access, including phone The gateways. Gateway the IP Address. The Leading necessary where Choose You to PIN. Select the BROWSER Choose Choose Choose You to PIN. the Gateway to Selecting Active Gateway Select the BROWSER Select Choose Operation
allows to the to the that to T9 text software allows to and easily or with T9 text software the internal dictionary to allows to T9 text input. to the T9 or You to them to dictionary. Not Inc. allows to and SYM the right There four of Press the to switch each from You switch to the right to the the first the first displays the displays the displays displays Press the the displayed. appear, to other matches dictionary. If and the that appears. SYM SYM SYM this backspace, switch to and when T9 text You know that there match the T9 dictionary text the characters of the trying to type as It helpful to the finished match with each character Press the to the that to switches back to the previously-used of text SYM
The the of that If appear, tionary the following: The About information About about URL the URL of the Advanced... the to Not Inc. With the to the right of the character (without T9 the right T9 appears the right the text that to dictionary of the text Press to to tionary when phone properly Exiting the Allows WAP (such as to and as batch when service Services Allows WAP to the cache, to the reclaiming the option to pressing, and holding, From this to MENU BACK You the Phones directly from the to when from BACK If there cache, the and to Press then from the MENU BROWSER the You select- New You should to authentication. You with the Encryption security computed Clears the cache and the Select to to Once launched the browser, to the MENU following Selecting to to refresh or
To the the or right YES NO the to YES that the text the The or to the NO The the displays indicating what currently the and the the to and release the and YES alternated the of the Other and holding and NO YES Inc. The following that possibly appear and their tions: that information from to that trying to tion with Text nection with the WAP The the when established. that established The shows the relative from the wireless More the operation. that information from the Soft that phone sound appears, partially the when The appear when and If the connected to Battery The that there Inbox or The The the when activated. You action the They played the of
to VOICE MAIL and the the the and the charging Press and to such as to Press and to and strength. STAR Press and to the and Press to characters. POUND Not Inc. appears when The appears when text The SMS Press to the the right of the NO Navigation to to the to the or to Press to and within tively through the text Press and to ROCKER KEYS of right. Press to Press and to SIDE VOLUME KEYS to back to character to the and to to and to the the BACK Press to the the of the Press and to to the YES BACK Press and to switch to the Press to to the MENU MENU
Wireless and each type of software that Differences and Not Inc. with the attached from to You when accessory to phone Wireless Operation. Wireless when the following Wireless puters. While the properly To or with closed of the involved. to the software the the connected computers, to the of to the where the phone to or or however, the phone allows to to to or office service. Rather than connecting to telephone to the or the software or the to properly the To or with that with If service purchase phone and the to and the This chapter with and Wireless
purchase that with and Confirm that service services If service the to Service (ISP) when Once to ISP established, or to properly to or the World To software and to account with ISP and ISP, the the of or to inactivity. imply that service The of service tion. that the Not Inc. Throughout this chapter, to to as To properly with the that the following and operating that software, such as or functional establishes eas- and to the of ily, and economically. The the typically- service information. access, or software first-time of and operation the following Class from Class Initial to The the DA Accessory or as You interface to accessory. You purchase operation, the following: www.ericsson.com/phones. You Wireless DA Accessory to
and the the of The of the to and the other accessory). The that matches other of the that matches interface (the purchased as the interface to the the procedures and and the instructions from service that to To phone manually, the to following: and as Not Inc. ERICSSONZ Press or the type the highlighted. Next On, Next and On. Press YES to the The selection cated Press MENU from the to the Choose from the SETTINGS Press or the highlighted. You purchase If trying to to interface interface supply stores. with operating the loaded, to the sections to the the (INF and and this chapter. The software that to Software The active choose On and On apply off appears the to type incoming Press YES to the highlighted type. and software to the instructions when software which the hand- the of using as CDMA with CDMA access. phone and properly or initiate as with other
To charge with or charger operation, the following: or Charger With Other the and and the instructions from service that the other of the interface the of the interface the charger the of the the the Not Inc. You when You to You Then phone and the The the (INF section the of this to initiate from with software packages. to the when connected to the the and using chapter with this operating This with as finished the NO To charges, terminate as While Connected to ERICSSONZ To charge with charger operation, the following: Charger of the interface the back of from connecting the from phone and the from Disconnecting Wireless
and or Disturbances the other of the the the charger the of the nearby, of strength. You the phone to that software used. interruptions tionary operation, caused vehicles or people operation, the correction of the interruptions of telephone that would bothersome path. Not Inc. the the front of charger the Achieving Performance Charging Battery Download the INF from the (INF and ME Turn Both and should operation. This interruptions to of You charge with as the text options to If the appear, the of the If titled New appears, to the titled appears, then the the of to and the other to to It to from vehicle. Operation from another. to to and off the vehicle satisfactory when from to when the phone upright If when the It to the phone and the telephone when phone Wireless
Download the INF from Turn What type of to If If PCMCIA appear this Other then Next If this to the appear location information, such as the country and If appear, this information proceed. finished, OK If this appear, to the of to phone and the other to to and Not Inc. If or ME, with then Next If this appear. If the Dont the There appears to or the appear, to the the Dont from Click Next Click Click to the INF Click Click OK If which with service to the service the Dont from Click Next Select the to then Next. Select the Click the Click then to the (INF Click OK. Click OK If know which with service to the service appear location information, such as the country and If appear, ished, OK If this appear, to the this information proceed. fin- Select the COM to which connecting the Click Next the to then Next. titled Not appear. Click to proceed. Select the COM to which connecting the Click Next Click Click OK You with ceeding. or information. Click The PC. Wireless Operation
Select CDMA from the pull-down when To the the From the This Click that the to You or the type the following: Click OK to to the Click OK to to Double-click the the then Select the Click Click Advanced &C1+CRM=0; Click following: Troubleshooting You with ceeding. or information. NT Inc. Download the INF from to and If titled New appears, to the titled appears, then the the of to and the other to Turn If know which with service to the service the Dont from Click Next. Click Click to the and Click then OK Select the to then Next. If that its then type the following that +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; as From the Double-click the You then Select the Select the COM to which the Click Next. Click Click Wireless
the following the of the Advanced from the pull-down Click OK to to the Click OK to to Select the Click Click Advanced Click *ERVNOK=1 Not Inc. You initiating from temporarily the software that the to COM occupied. If COM
Troubleshooting Not Inc. On. when phone received. to the charge to capacity. If to phone to and Troubleshooting
offers to customers services, and other information. informa- tion. Not Inc. North America ERICSSON Accessories, Accessibility, and Technical Assistance/Ordering Other countries America information with (TTY) or or the the the Solutions/Special Troubleshooting
that allows to their without or holding the to their ear. to to another or Not Inc. or phone You then choice as to whether or to the Bear that played. To this service, CLI shows the of the Calling (CLI) NAM the of phone or and The NAM to service The to the The to and when with the arrow Assignment (NAM) Tone as tone Used that services to subscribers. The the as the Service security computed authentication. DTMF or Touch Encryption phone network or consists of of each from where to and received from wireless Network as The rates and and The clearly the Class
both to that the to, functionality. To to to You this from to users. The Service and Service the Short Service (SMS) Not Inc. Service PIN to establish authorization to or information. The PIN with and (alpha memory search) or memory phone where phone (PIN) SMS allows of to characters to and they reach To this service, the off or of reach that the to Press or to the The PRL service that These typically offer search optional when rates than non-preferred indicated with (PRL) Soft that functionality however, the and to the YES NO The shown the the and YES NO to then the YES the Soft Select incoming Restricting activated with To to or of to and from outgoing outgoing international this service, You of
The where cleared of items and features. Not Inc. this to If and/or of the services and to to The the that with the service/network To of the services included please services included choice of service that and records
and tion Protection and International Non- American National National Council Radiation Protection. The of with the FCC (and those Not Inc. Since its introduction the 1980s, the phone of the exciting and products developed. phone to with office, services and others. thorized modifications, or the the or phone and FCC TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: to efficiently: NORMAL POSITION: the phone as other telephone with the pointed and RF with wire- Those with the the (FCC) previously both US and international and receiver. ON, and wireless telephone (RF) to the when the with the affects and the phone to higher than otherwise the and the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, using phone while please: (where tions of the and physicians from government health Those based and and industry the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). NCRP ANSI C95.1 ICNIRP and
The Health Industry Association recommends that with the research and of Wireless ference with the These wireless phone and to of inches Research. to first operation, Should ALWAYS the than inches from their when the phone turned ON. Should the phone breast Not Inc. with to know wireless phone and its such as and the following phone while off the and or wireless within easy reach. Should the ear the to the interference. If reason to that OFF immediately. the of such interference, to wireless with hearing (or the service to Hearing and the traffic; when or traffic. or emotional that distracting. or phone while or If other the of to shielded from RF physician to Other Devices this information. shielded shielded from RF RF from wireless or wireless assis- when necessary. wireless to others wireless phone to and Turn phone OFF health when these to or health
vehicles using (such as or or and other where would where the chemicals or such as stations; below or or normally to off vehicle using that to RF inflates with force. DO NOT includ- the or the If in-vehicle wireless both or wireless the improperly and the inflates, serious with Not Inc. RF improperly or shielded or its vehicle. You should with the the of that to vehicle. Turn phone OFF facility where This with of the FCC interference received, including interference that to the following This interference, and This operation. Product and To with operations, OFF when or posted: Turn off and instructions. FCC using while the Switch OFF phone aircraft. Aircraft the or accessory. or its They themselves or others, or allow to with phone or its that and and the following and operation of Turn phone OFF when with atmosphere and and instructions. such or fire or death. clearly They include such as with atmosphere often Potentially Atmospheres and to or
to to battery. the the recycling of rechargeable the U.S., of the Rechargeable Battery Recycling Corporation (RBRC), service to the recycling of rechargeable batteries. U.S., recycling instructions. Recycling Battery them of performance or recommended. to and the warranty. Battery and slightly which type of phone with: or Lithium Not Inc. Battery and Service should Authorized to the Doing warranty. This serviceable To reduce of the from the the AC the rather than the cord. AC supply) to as the allow to or to products. battery, or that of or battery. If phone off should recharging to should charge the within rechargeable battery service treated properly. hours the to reach capacity. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. cleaning. Once To reduce of shock, the from the cloth lightly with cleaning. the outlet DANGER the AC or If the of shock. where subjected to or This reduce the batterys capacity. the the another such as This short-circuit and the battery. to This the tery to to The with charged. capacity, to the battery. Dont the the Battery Information New and Turn phone OFF the battery.
from and allow the to their mouth. Battery toxic with and the AC/DC with and phone warranty. the while from the Not the to or other Turn off phone the battery. Only the its Not or or crushing the battery. Not Inc. from children and allow the to their mouth. Battery toxic with and Follow these instructions with rechargeable Lithium-Ion Lithium charge when the below (10C) or 105F (40C). WARNING! This and to or of fire. such as as the battery. Not short-circuit the batterys with Not the to (60C), such as the or Not the battery. 113F (45C) performance and Charging the below 41F (5C) or free that as and the AC/DC sory and from such with non-Ericsson only accessory chargers (including phone warranty. and
Not Inc. and
Format Contacting Characters Ear Not Inc. Charge-Only Clear Charging Info Waiting Battery Charging Ear Phonebook Entry Accessing Accessibility Retry Performance Text Initial Battery Charging Battery C
Text Memory Not Turn On Battery Not Charge Not Battery Service Entry Entry Microphone Tone Templates New International New Text Battery Not Inc. Text New the Sound Wireless Sound Creating and Accessing
Stop and Operation Stop and Connecting... Sounds Receiving... Working... SMS Not Inc. Wireless You TTY Three-Way Calling T9 Text Entry
and Entry and Entry Scratchpad Hyphenate selected from the to and to the associated numbers. instance, to MENU AE/LZT R3 Not Inc. Clear Sounds Security Info Text Sound Network
Card Emergency (or and YES to One Press NO Through Press or Select or Press YES and YES Press YES from Technical North America ERICSSON America Other Countries Not Inc. Turn On/Off Press and NO Press YES Press NO Press and Shown Press YES Ear Press or Microphone Press and BACK Press MENU Press MENU
Not Inc. AE/LZT R3