Not Inc. LX A1228 band, TDMA
Not Inc. This published Inc., without warranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated to editions of this and the products and the products and the products and the products purchase purchase purchase purchase Publication AE/LZT R2 Ericsson Inc., rights Printed USA
Not Inc.
Not Inc. Press the arrow when this this instructs to and release the this instructs to and and the to seconds. Press the arrow when this shown the following type- shown the following typeface: shown the following typeface: MENUS CLR phone the when On and Text that the shown the following typeface: displays
Not Inc. The of with the FCC (and those American National National Coun- tional Radiation Protection. Radiation Protection and industry the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). with office, home, products developed. phone to Since its introduction the the of the exciting and services and others. and NORMAL POSITION: the as other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. the phone and Unauthorized or the or FCC regulations. and receiver. ON, and (RF) wireless telephone to wireless Those with the previously the (FCC) adopted RF with both US and international and the phone to the when the with the affects higher than otherwise and TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: phone to efficiently: (where Those based and of the and physicians from government health and NCRP ANSI C95.1 ICNIRP
Not Inc. shielded from RF shielded RF from wireless Devices to interference with the research and of Wire- The Health Industry Association that of inches These with the wireless and Research. or wireless when necessary. to first responsibility. off the and or the and the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, using phone while please: operation, Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their when the phone turned ON. Should the breast with the following using phone while to know wireless and its such as and or while or wireless phone within easy reach. If reason to that interference phone OFF immediately. and Should the ear the to the interference. hearing the of such interference, wireless with Hearing and the traffic; when or traffic. wireless phone to others or emotional tions that distracting. wireless to
Not Inc. To with operations, phone OFF when or posted: Turn off and tions. instructions. such Turn OFF when with or fire or death. tially atmosphere and and Potentially Atmospheres If other the shielded from RF physician to this information. of to Other Devices Turn OFF health when regulations these to or health using that to RF to service (or the tomer service to alternatives). such as stations; below where the chemicals or such with atmosphere often or or vehicles where would normally to off (such as or clearly They include as or and other vehicle the the or the including both or wireless inflates with force. DO NOT If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious Vehicles with vehicle. You should the of that to shielded RF improperly or Check with the or its vehicle. Turn phone OFF facility where and FCC while the Switch OFF aircraft. Aircraft
Not Inc. from the clean- Once cloth lightly To reduce of shock, the with cleaning. the DANGER the AC or If the nection of shock. the located that tripped or otherwise to or stress. They themselves or others, or that and the phone allow to with the following and operation of Product and Dont to the the The with phone capacity, charger to the battery. New Battery Information allow to or to products. to the Doing warranty. This should Authorized Service serviceable Service performance or and the to them of warranty. phone to or and of the service organization to the Battery Recycling Corporation (RBRC), Recycling Battery To reduce of the from the outlet the AC rather than the cord. AC supply) to as the
Not Inc. Turn OFF the battery. the the another such as This short-circuit and the battery. to This the to the AC/DC with and phone warranty. to the U.S., recycling to to battery. of rechargeable batteries. the recycling of rechargeable the U.S., instructions. ory which the to charge to than battery. This the of should its capacity. If off to properly. battery, or that recharging or rechargeable service treated tery should charge the within hours the to reach capacity. Battery and below (10C) or 105F when the (40C). mouth. Battery toxic allow the to the lowed. to or This where reduce the batterys capacity. and
Not Inc. or It to charge while If On, that charge phone with the attached to while Both chargers supply Charger Charging Battery Connecting and Removing Battery top of the the The the of the the back of tery should the the of the the The the the should Started that the charger to the of the with the thumb. Press hear click. The connected. Started the AC and If the charger If phone charging to the the the charger the light- the phone with the and facing Then, the and of the cavity.
Not Inc. to charge-only this If off, attaching the charger the the phone charging the battery. charged, Battery activated the Charging appears Charged appears the Charge-Only You or when charge-only the the charger with the the of The the phone the The alternated with Press the the the the while or the the charger cord! charging the the should the charge-only charging the hours the ically. The become when the the charge-only Charging when the charger connected. Battery the to the phone hours to charge) the battery. To the the to the upwards and it The when the The with the when the Started charging the the Charged appears the when the If the phone charge-only Battery charged.
Not Inc. The following of the this to TDMA It operates three and and phone Learning About Highlights of MENU CLR Arrow Access to Clear CLR Arrow YES NO call-back text including (including options) including ID numbers) Learning About Charging/Hands- free Connectors Microphone Battery text with 2KB of to the to service
Inc. Press to through when when from Press to through and selections when or to through Press and to through when Press to the to the or to the right while number-edit Press and from the Press to from the Press (from the Missed the incoming Press to phone Press to Press to Functions Press and to the microphone. the microphone muted, and to the microphone. Press to temporarily the tone when Press and to or Press and to the Press to the Press to the the Press to to the Press to the backlight. CLR Press and phone to Press from the to right through the Press to Press and to phone On or Press to the Press to clear the Press to to the Press to Press to MENU Learning About to as tones. Press and to Press and Press to selected text Press character Press and Press to and lowecase character Press and
Not Inc. shown the the The following Waiting that the of read. the of text that New Text read. The reaching its You active tery. battery. If the connected to and the the Battery shows the of and the that or sounds. that pressing the the This the ity of Learning About The phone searching the wireless shows the from the wireless More stron- that the and ready or shows that the currently operating
Not Inc. that The PHONEBOOK from the MENU Press YES to select. once from the MENU Press YES to select. The CALL INFO that The MESSAGES that The of answered. The to The microphone muted. Press YES to three from the MENU select. Press YES to four from the MENU select. The SETTINGS that The phone turned off and charge-only You or phone connected with the to the and charged. The muted. Learning About phone such as when phone to Allows the to input
Not Inc. phone On pressing and NO Turn and holding NO phone sounds and off. Turn sounds and Turning On and Summary of Operations Press and NO Turn phone On or YES NO Operations the phone to the The shown the You to or the CLR or and to CLR Press Calling shown the while YES phone the wireless Press and CLR or ear or YES, or through or MENU Access the CLR from CLR the or YES the shown the YES the reading NO back Operations the connected, The that the NO or NO the when Press and CLR Press and YES using Press and then MENU Turn On or then MENU Turn On or YES highlighted
Not Inc. Press from the to the MENU Select the Card that to and YES You from the following: Credit Card Press to the Calling Cards Press to the SETTINGS the You YES other numbers. You to shown from the The shown the Press or to through the from the and holding CLR telephone temporarily previously called. To these numbers, YES while the shown the the You Called Follow flow and Stop and of or with and each of numbers. This when to and then another such as Stop and Press to to the previous or NO CLR to to the Press to the Access YES the Press to the YES to the phonebook location The when through the SET- TINGS one-touch phone phonebook locations through To that to the phonebook location containing the to and the and The first to shown the approximately seconds temporarily and holding Operations the to You of YES of the location containing the to then YES The when through the SET- To the then and Locations YES to the location TINGS phone to phonebook locations.
Not Inc. to A, the Press the or repeatedly the character, or appears the once. To B, the and Press or to to the and the section to learn to Press to the entry. YES Press to Entry The the the and YES If the would to YES then tones. allow instead of the or the You of office that to shown the and holding the following: C Press this... and phonebook location. You then You of which include the the phonebook location and YES Operations and lowercase Character to guage selection. You to phonebook the Creating Press to the PHONEBOOK Press from to the MENU
Not Inc. of incoming the If the the shown when If the ID shown the The Anonymous shown the ID restricted the service ID information the NO tion ID) service, phone shows the phone that phonebook with If service or the the or the or NO Incoming shown the and To temporarily the tone without the YES Temporarily the from the Missed to the Incoming the tone sounds, Incoming from service the phone the and appears the and ID) service the tone through the SETTINGS If shown the the muted. this to to the Mic Muted appears the when CLR To the microphone and the Microphone the phone Incoming YES the the NO to when the YES ready to YES NO You switch the If service from service both Waiting the following instructions to increase or ear Increasing or Decreasing Ear Operations shows the of You clear the of from the Unanswered Incoming of the CALL INFO Press YES If from YES the
Not Inc. guage option highlighted. The options Press the or repeatedly the English, Spanish, or Press to to the previous or NO CLR to to the If the Press to the and to the MENU Press to the YES the To increase the ear the of To the ear the the of Battery Press from the to the MENU To the sound Press to the Sound Press to the SETTINGS Sounds Press to the the Sound The sounds when reach- phone turned The phone the and then off. Charge the its lowest The Battery! appear the this within hours that the to capacity. the Operations the currently selected sound as through sound highlighted. You hear of Press the or repeatedly the the of sounds. Press to to the or NO CLR to to the Press to the Sound. YES Press from the to the MENU You the to the To the Press to the SETTINGS
Not Inc. If fire, or or that from wireless and the YES with location, or phone The patcher to know the following: allows access. Unlock MENU and then and wireless Press from the to the MENU highlighted. You hear of Press the or repeatedly the the currently selected as through each selection. To the Press to the Press to the SETTINGS Press to the Sounds the people involved, their and The location of the emergency, including or If fire, or Network The of the Press to to the previous or NO CLR to to the the highlighted, YES Emergency Press from the to the MENU Operations and service allows, the selection the following: selection If should service Network Search Press to the SETTINGS and from service or the outlet where purchased should to the when manufactured. The there with service
Not Inc. Press from the to the MENU Press the or repeatedly the assignment highlighted. Press to to the or NO CLR to to the the assignment highlighted, YES Press to the Press to the SETTINGS the selection highlighted, YES Press to to the previous or NO CLR to to the Press or repeatedly the selection highlighted. Press to the Press to the Network Search option. other If with service infor- If allowed service with phone as from mation. International This offers the option of telephone from another service to This the to to phone that useful to which Assignment that first used. It allows to that allowed service If The to optional where international roaming Operations
Not Inc. The too to when the or Displayed and Explanations and or the battery. The turn On. The phone when received. The the phone off, the with or such as text memory or ously. If and charging three with top the function when the the charger to the battery. shows the You geographic with service. the tor shows high trying of geographic locations where and service the The charge to to capacity. 1-800-ERICSSON If information or or would to purchase Accessories: North America, other geographic and coverage This of the as The
Not Inc.
Not Inc. Press Press then MENU Press Press to YES to or Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press and Press MENU Working with phonebook to Work with Decrease ear with Increase ear text Access text Memory Press then MENU Press then MENU Press YES outgoing Access the Press and NO Press YES Press NO and Turn On/Off the shown the Press YES A1228LX AE/LZT R2 Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU with Info Incoming Press and CLR or Press MENU Press CLR Press NO While back to through Press CLR the or Press YES Press YES Select highlighted incoming/outgoing the
Not Inc. Frequently the to Press and to Follow YES and Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU Press then MENU of that You to (or then MENU then MENU then MENU then MENU Calling Card Emergency PHONEBOOK Working With Select CALL INFO MESSAGES SETTINGS Calling Cards Shortcuts Backlight Sounds the
Not Inc. CLR Select Calling Cards Sounds the MENU commonly The the that appear to each and You and the MENU and then The A1228LX MENU Used Entry Incoming Clear Memory Used