PM
Not Inc. This published Inc., without warranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated to editions of this Publication AE/LZT R3 Ericsson Inc., rights Printed USA
Not Inc. International and Displayed and Explanations Connecting and Battery Charging Battery Product and Battery Information FDA Consumer Highlights of Functions Summary of Operations Turning On and Working with SMS Battery the the Sound the Emergency Network
Inc.
Not Inc. Then, the and of the cavity. You the and the back of the charge If On, or It that with while the attached to Both chargers supply to charge while Press hear click. The connected. should the of the the the back of the The the of the the top of the the The the should the AC and If the charger If charging to the the phone with the and facing the to that the the of the with thumb.
Not Inc. If phone off, attaching the charger the phone to appears the Charging charging the battery. charge-only this activated the charged, appears the Battery Charged You or when phone charge- Press the the the The alternated with the the of The the phone the the charger with the the the the charger the the charger to the hours to charge charge) the battery. The become when the the charge-only when the charger connected. charging the phone the charging the hours the should the charge-only automatically. The when the The when the with the To the the connected to the upwards and while or the the charger cord! charging the the If the charge-only appears Battery Charged the when the
Not Inc. The following of the this to Charging/Hands- Arrow Access to free Connectors Clear Arrow Microphone Battery TDMA and and It operates three (including phone call-back including including text with 2KB of to the ID numbers) to service MENU CLR
Not Inc. when from Press and to through Press to the to the or to the right while Press to through and selections when or to through Press to through when when text text number-edit Press and from the Press to from the Press (from the Missed the incoming Press and to Press to Press to Press to Press to Press and to the microphone. Press and to or the microphone muted, and to the Press and to the Press to the the Press to selected text Press to to the microphone. Press to temporarily the tone when Press to the Press to the backlight. CLR Press from the to right through the Press to to the Press to and lowercase text character Press and Press and to phone On or Press to the Press to clear the Press to Press to MENU to as tones. Press and Press Press and to character Press and Stop
Not Inc. The following of text that New Text the read. Waiting the of that read. lowest The reaching its shown the the You active that the the This the of battery. If the phone connected to and the Battery shows the of battery. and the the that phone or sounds. The searching the wireless Screen that the phone and ready shows the relative from the wireless More shows that the or currently operating
Not Inc. that The PHONEBOOK from the Press to select. once from the Press to select. MESSAGES The that The of answered. The microphone muted. The CALL INFO that Press to three from the select. Press to four from the select. The SETTINGS that The to The turned off and charge-only You to or phone connected with the to the and such as when phone to Allows the to input phonebook entry. The phone muted.
Not Inc. Turn phone and holding phone sounds and off. Turn phone On and holding sounds and Press and Turn On or the to the The shown the Press shown the while phone Calling the wireless You to or the or and to Press and or Either ear or through or Access the from the or the shown the back the connected, The that the or the when Press and Press and Press and then Turn On or then Turn On or or the text reading highlighted
Not Inc. Select the Card that would to and Press from the to the You from the following: Press to the Calling Cards Press to the SETTINGS shown the You from the and holding while the called. To these numbers, from the The shown the Press or to through the other numbers. You to temporarily shown the Press to to the or to to the Stop and of with when to and then another and each of numbers. This useful such as or Follow flow and Press to the Access the Press to the phonebook locations through To and containing the to to the that to the phonebook location one-touch phone the location and The when through the SETTINGS The first to You of and the You of the phone to shown the shown the temporarily seconds and holding holding location containing the to then To the of the phonebook location then and Locations The when through the SETTINGS to the phonebook phone to phonebook locations.
Not Inc. text received. The or the first The allows to the of and From this the choose to or of each displayed. Press to the to the previous You through the of using the or selected Reply, Callback and Once read, to the options the Unlock. Temporarily options to followed office that the following: allow instead of the the and then the If the to The tones. or character countdown the of If approaches the length, the The to and text and off and and locked. phonebook location. You then the You of which include and the location and services that from service The MESSAGES choices specifying and and of the when to choose to include the or with the The to service ready to the Press to the or You prompted with to that Once the text included SMS, to the as appear the The options the and service from service The allows to and to the of and the
Not Inc. The Memory Used displays the of the memory that and the of the memory that already read, then the updated appears as the and phone allows to the that this option. If the previously to the To allows to the templates instead You the text to the the the or of creating I to the information. The allows to of text group. You of to or to or the to the of to The four options the Read, and Unread. that created or to incoming selected the and displayed with the or the first of the which they created. You through the of the or The three options and that They The allows to of ready to the Press to the or You prompted with to that Once the text included SMS, to the as the to specify to every You these when prompted with The and You prompted to PIN to the from the The allows to of The displayed with the or the first of the the they You options selected the through the of the or The and
Not Inc. to memory, to or when there three or memory off, the phone when memory and and to memory to to memory. warning and with the and off. If with or locations The options and already when to the The The allows to options On or The three options Priority Normal, and The Priority allows to Emergency You the option options? to The Sounds allows to the the of or acknowledged The options Sounds and off. This that the of the to or write the they The allows to include callback and to instead they and The allows to input as to receivers of the to appear the to without actually knowing telephone You to phonebook the following: Press to the PHONEBOOK Press from to the The allows to choose Select the item The three options callback information displayed. You which of pressing or to highlight and callback information
Not Inc. phone the tone the tone and the and backlight through the SETTINGS If ID) service from service sounds, appears the Incoming the shown the character, or appears the to A, the once. To B, the Press the or repeatedly the Press or to to the and the section to learn to Press to the entry. Press to Entry the Incoming the the If service from service switch the to when the You ready to both and lowercase C Press this... appears to that answered. Press from the from You clear the of from shows the of Missed to the Incoming the If the Incoming of the CALL INFO The Character to selection.
The sounds when reaching its lowest The appear Battery! the this phone turned The Charge the within hours the and then off. that the charge to capacity. Not Inc. If service ID) phonebook with the shown when service, shows the of If the ID information the NO ID shown the The shown the Anonymous the If the that ID restricted the service or the To temporarily the tone without the or the or Incoming shown the and the highlighted. The options English, Spanish, Press the or repeatedly the option or You the to the To the Press from the to the Press to the Press to the SETTINGS To the microphone and the appears the when the muted. Mic Muted this to to Press to to the or to to the If the and to the Press to the the the of To increase the ear To the ear the the of the following instructions to increase or ear
Not Inc. and there outlet where purchased phone should to the when manufactured. The from service or the phone with service Press to to the or to to the Press from the to the To the sound Press to the Sound Press to the SETTINGS Press to the Sounds and the that from If fire, or or with location, or phone wireless Wireless The to the following: allows access. Unlock MENU and then highlighted. You hear of the currently selected Press the or repeatedly the sound sound as through the of sounds. Press to to the or to to the To the Press to the Sound. people involved, their and The location of the including or If fire, or needed. and wireless The of the emergency. highlighted. You hear of the currently selected Press the or repeatedly the as through each selection. Press from the to the the highlighted, Press to the Press to the SETTINGS Press to the Sounds
the assignment highlighted, Not Inc. Press from the to the Press the or repeatedly the assignment highlighted. Press to the Press to the SETTINGS service allows, the selection selection If and should service the following: Press to to the previous or to to the If allowed service international with phone as from other If completing international with service information. Press to to the or to to the the selection highlighted, Press or repeatedly the selection highlighted. Press from the to the Press to the Select Press to the Network Search option. Press to the SETTINGS another service to This offers the option of This the to from to that to which allowed service If allows to phone that first The to optional that used. It where international roaming
Inc. The too to when the or or the battery. The turn On. off, the with The the phone or such as text memory continuously. and charging three If with the conditioning function the when the to the battery. shows the or the when The phone received. to The to capacity. 1-800-ERICSSON If information or or would to purchase Accessories: North America, other countries, You geographic with trying of geographic locations where and service. the shows high relative service This geographic and coverage of the as The
Not Inc. Radiation Protection and International American National National Council Radiation Protection. The of with the FCC (and those Since its introduction the the phone of the exciting and products developed. to with office, home, services and others. TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: phone to efficiently: NORMAL POSITION: the as other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. Unauthorized or the or the and FCC regulations. the (FCC) both US and international RF with wireless Those with the and receiver. ON, and wireless telephone (RF) with the affects and the when the phone the phone to higher than otherwise (where of the government health and industry the Those based and and physicians from of research to the ANSI (C95.1). NCRP ANSI C95.1 ICNIRP
Not Inc. shielded shielded from RF RF from wireless or wireless when necessary. the and the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, while please: to first responsibility. operation, The Health Industry Association that with the research and of inches wireless and to interference with the These of Wireless Research. Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their when the turned ON. Should the breast with to wireless phone and its such as and off the and or the following while wireless phone within easy reach. or wireless with hearing the of such interference, to service (or the service to alternatives). Should the ear the to the interference. If reason to that interference phone OFF immediately. or that distracting. when or and the traffic; traffic. wireless to others wireless phone to or while
Turn phone OFF when with atmosphere and and instructions. such or fire or death. Inc. vehicles (such as or where the chemicals or such as or and other where would clearly They include such as stations; below or or with atmosphere often normally to off vehicle RF physician to this If other the of to shielded from information. using that to Turn phone OFF health when these to or health RF the or the If in-vehicle wireless including both or wireless the improperly and the inflates, serious inflates with force. DO NOT RF improperly or shielded or its vehicle. You should with the the of that to vehicle. Turn phone OFF facility where This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. when or posted: Turn off To with operations, OFF and instructions. FCC regulations using while the Switch OFF phone aircraft.
Not Inc. The and locations and the with accessory. The and of accessory the to the measured, and about the ear and the as the FCC each while the tested and to the FCC that the established the government-adopted the SAR when the phone with Absorption Rate (SAR) the Dont the the and the following and operation of allow to with They themselves or others, or the that and to or capacity, to the battery. The with phone recommended. to them of performance or and the warranty. to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized Service AC supply) to as the allow to or to products. to to recycle battery. the the recycling of rechargeable the U.S., Recycling Corporation (RBRC), service of the Rechargeable Battery to the recycling of rechargeable batteries. U.S., recycling instructions. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. To reduce of shock, the from the cleaning. Once cloth lightly with cleaning. the DANGER the AC or If the of shock. outlet the AC the outlet rather than the cord. To reduce of the from the
Not Inc. The U.S Food and Administration (FDA) about the of including and PCS health, and what to This unknown about whether these products to The following what known and what information to to or battery. If off battery, or that of should recharging rechargeable service treated properly. to should charge the within hours the to reach capacity. or This reduce the where subjected to batterys capacity. this type of to the allow to that radiation) the microwave while used. through heating (this microwave to health associated with the these clear of the effects of when the stand-by It cook food). known whether, to what or through what of RF might or that they the health as Although research to They of (RF), of known that high of RF of and the AC/DC with warranty. to This the to the the another such as This and the battery. Turn OFF the battery. to that built-in that to the about hand-held the when the below 50F (10C) or 105F (40C). allow the to the mouth. Battery toxic
Not Inc. phone and type of that the of phone this sheath). statistically found phone and when hospital-based, researchers or acoustic of the of of together. It should noted and acoustic There than three years. industry research the of This research that the years the United States, the of of the the the of the RF and the head. The from the the of of which connected to RF from which the located drastically than that from head These of RF with from the The to the house and which and often the used, or the of the fact, causing increase with increased occurred the increase with the actually with hours of phone of separately, however, type of It with expected to bear the and repeatability of found and of the that this of the National Cancer these however, research The existing when they to RF to There that already treated with causing chemicals, and other the to the RF Second, of the that showed increased investigating the of RF characteristic the of laboratory genetically to to about whether obtained conflicting and of the that to Briefly, there enough to know from apply to the of type of than as such of conflicting to apply the obtained and to however, that of RF from their research continuously to hours lymphocytes. of the showed of the RF the which effects the Researchers conducted of laboratory to These included of abnormalities, including the of to phone RF aberrations, DNA and the of
to that research to the with including other and industry, the that there or health associated with of FDA to summary, enough information this to to the about the of Not Inc. of the increased too to statistically known to to heating, heat caused the hours of It that the to to The already the the of the to RF conflicting. The this showed this heating. Since this to radiation, only follow-up research necessary. expected to to FDA research and to the follow-up to these industry- Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA) oversight of research based such FDA currently with government, industry, and research with the with to that this type of fact, the U.S. of about about month), about of would people who would whether the of of greater people who users of increasing of than the of the One to matched people without This expected each those people, whether or they their to whether people who people each At that of the or whether people with with the of that to the of of people to phone memory, they to choices function There the when they to phone to numbers, or or their This the noted than laboratory while they compared. other of reported recently the Cancer as as the follow-up research to The of the National industry, to this type of information. there increased of associated with phone locations, however, of and matched phone used. this occurred only they to the of the head where the
Not Inc. holding and concerned about there If there from these products and this of their Those who the shorter or they to factor know that there people when other of National Telecommunications and Information Administration The National of Health this group. Occupational Health and Administration authority to action shown to the FDA the of health and to or the that the products such as as with or the agency the of to users of the that to the such FDA switch to type of phone that People who their every off dramatically with they their and the of the RF, the switch to: research of RF of the type that RF to the that function; and information what known about of with the phone health. Although the existing FDA actions this FDA the phone industry to of to The agency recommended that the industry: headset with to the mounted the of the or built with built-in connected to or which the located the vehicle, At the FDA to interagency of the that responsibility aspects of to coordinated the These National Occupational and Health Communications Protection Agency
Tice of activity genotoxicity March Washington, D.C.; and unpublished and other laboratory of the Not Inc. Study of Telephone and Brain State of the California. the that from these products, the outlined people concerned about the reduce Information to RF (FCC) RF from and PCS information, the following function Int. J. Preece, AW, G, Davies-Smith, A, K, S, E, and Varey, A. of L, A, A, and Mild, KH. of telephones and the Int. J. Oncol., Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA) United National Protection Radiation Protection World Health (WHO) International As) U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) Devices and Health
Not Inc.
Not Inc.
Not Inc.
Not Inc. Press Press then Press Press to or to Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press and Press with to Decrease ear Working with Increase ear Access Memory Used Press then Press then Press outgoing Access the Press and Press Press and Turn On/Off the shown the Press Press and or Press Press Press While back to through Press Press the or incoming/outgoing displayed the Press Select highlighted
Not Inc. of that You to (or then then then then Emergency PHONEBOOK CALL INFO MESSAGES SETTINGS Shortcuts the to Press and to Follow and Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Press then Calling Card Working with Info Working With Select Incoming Calling Cards Sounds the
Not Inc. CLR Calling Cards Select Backlight Sounds The the and the The the that appear to each commonly and then You and MENU Incoming Clear Used Entry Memory Used
AE/LZT R3 PM