Not Inc.
Not Inc. This published Inc., without warranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated to editions of this and the products purchase PBM Publication LZT R4 Ericsson Inc., rights Printed USA
Not Inc. this instructs to and release the this instructs to and and the to seconds. when phone ON, and Press the arrow when this Press the arrow when this The Quick-Access shortcuts to phone and using this text and options shown the following type this this shown the following type
Not Inc. the AC or If the Not the To reduce the of shock, the from the the the warranty. This consumer-serviceable To reduce the of the from Not to the Doing cleaning. Once the located that Service should Authorized Not allow children to with this outlet the AC rather than the cord. shock. become and become cloth with to Service Not allow to or to the and operating instructions located the and using the please follow and to Not the to or Accessories. from of the AC to as Not allow to the mouth. phone warranty. the to or Not the to release and toxic the this of the following information apply to as with should tions when this this It information and operating instructions.
Not Inc. The of phone with the FCC (and those exciting and products developed. phone to its introduction the the phone of the with office, services, and others. TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: phone to ciently: NORMAL POSITION: the phone as other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. or the phone and the or Unauthorized FCC RF with wireless Those with the previously both US the (FCC) and international wireless telephone and receiver. ON, and (RF) to ANSI C95.1 the when the phone with the affects and the to higher than otherwise (where the and the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, using while please: Those based and of and physicians from government health and industry the the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). NCRP ICNIRP
of inches wireless These with the research and and to interference with the The Health Industry Association recommends that of Research. Not Inc. Should the ear the to the Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their If reason to that interference Should the phone breast when the turned ON. OFF immediately. interference. with !!E of such interference, to service (or wireless with hearing the the service to alternatives). Hearing to shielded from RF If other the of physician to this information. Turn OFF health when these to or health that to RF Other Devices -B -B
or wireless the the or the inflates with force. DO NOT including both If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious Not Inc. Vehicles with RF improperly or shielded vehicles. with the or its vehicle. You should the of that to vehicle. and the following and tion of Product and FCC regulations while the Switch OFF phone Turn OFF facility where Aircraft To reduce of the from the phone to or recommended. to the located that allow to with They phone that and AC supply) to as them of performance or allow to or to products. to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized themselves or others, or the tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. the AC rather than the cord. and the warranty. the Service To with operations, phone OFF when or posted: Turn off and instructions. Atmospheres sphere and and instructions. such Turn OFF when with or fire or death. with atmosphere often clearly They include such as stations; below or or vehicles using where normally to off vehicle chemicals or such as or and other (such as or where the
of the Rechargeable Battery Recycling Corporation (RBRC), service to battery. recycling the recycling of rechargeable batteries. the recycling of rechargeable the U.S., to to instructions. Not Inc. Recycling Battery the outlet to phone performance with DANGER the AC or If the To reduce of shock, the from the of shock. attempting cleaning. Once Dont to the cloth lightly with cleaning. the should the within hours the tery, or that of should battery. This the memory which the tioned recharging or to charge to than its capacity. If phone off to rechargeable service treated properly. tery to reach capacity. Battery and or This reduce the batterys capacity. where subjected to to This the the AC/DC with the the touch another and such as This short-circuit and charge when the Turn OFF the battery. below (10C) or 105F (40C). to the battery. phone warranty. tery to affects the phone to directly the mouthpiece, the the when the phone the higher than and shortens and the as other telephone. While and Iftheantenna should The with phone charged. capacity, to the battery. Battery Information New
Not Inc. allow the to the mouth. Battery toxic the and phone ON the completely OFF. sound warning that completely Charge the charged. To battery, the following: Conditioning Battery
Not Inc. Battery Information tioned, as If tery, or that of should rechargeable service treated properly. with the charger conditioning function. the recycling of rechargeable batteries. the U.S., to to recycle battery. OutsidetheU.S., recycling instructions. Battery and appears the right of the phone when the charged. B OFF the memory which the to charge to than its recharging or battery. This capacity. If off to should charge the within hours the to reach capacity. Disconnect the and ON the phone OFF. completely The light red, and sound that completely Completely the and charge three The to based to the conditioning the type of and the and of of the Battery Recycling Corporation (RBRC), non-profit service to the recycling of rechargeable batteries. Recycling Battery
Not Inc. Learning About KF B 4B-5 L L 0B I'' 0B I'' L
Inc. H 0B I''( 7BB B
Text Not Inc. and Light Functions The following to the of Service L that that The the of shows the of service Battery Text Functions shows whether operating shows the from the wireless More Battery B
Not Inc.
Not Inc. CLR
Not Inc. A A A A
Not Inc. Started 0B I'' A F &D G.H >F G$ A 475F release to Swivel B G> A F &D 7BB G A 7BBF (Optional) A 0B I''
charge the to Not Inc. this section. The the which To battery, the charging the charger and included the NEVER the charger to phone that tery Charge-Only appears. charging the battery. The If phone OFF, attaching the the to charge-only this activated the Charging and the C appearing the while the You or when charge-
GF To the the connected to the phone upwards and it Not Inc. Charger If the charge-only appears the when the with of the following battery chargers: while the attached to phone The charger to charge ON, while the To charge the charger GF
Not Inc. Charging Battery Attached to the front of the and the rear of the The charger The attached to the completely the charging Charger H Connecting the Cord to the Charger To the charger to the GF
Conditioning Battery Not Inc. Charging Battery H A
Not Inc. You the to the KF the To the ON pressing and holding sounds If the option activated, the phone Turning ON and OFF A To phone OFF, and sounds and OFF. C 0B I'' SELECTION STORED!
A Not Inc. C 0B I'' SELECTION STORED! L To the type, pitch, and KF Press to the Press to the KF Sounds Press to the A the type appears to the Press the or repeatedly the type appears to the You hear of each type as through the of types. SELECTION STORED! appears the 0B I'' SELECTION STORED! Pitch 0B I''
Not Inc. C You to or the or C and to If try to and the wireless phone the seconds three the AUTO RETRY lighting flash, and the light top of the the the and back- sounds through the phone the tone Sounds the phone flashes the when the connected. or the to the Press shown the while phone the wireless If the the of the and seconds, appears the shown the If the the the with the If ID) service from shown when the received. the to the If the deactivated the to the the to the If the deactivated the the the and The the the the
Not Inc. Temporarily the when the You switch the DO NOT ready to to both #G$ 7F shows the of You clear the from the or turning the OFF. If from the section of the C the Press or to through the other numbers. You to shown the You these numbers, The shown temporarily previously called. To the through the
to phone and then another such as or Not Inc. You the from the to You of and holding shown the temporarily approximately seconds the You of and holding shown the The when through the one-touch phone phonebook (memory) locations through You from the and holding while the shown the to office that to the following: where the the phonebook location containing the to To and the that to to the phonebook location and You of which include and phonebook location. You then the the location and phone the and then If the allow tones. would to The the instead of the or the of the location containing the To The when through the to then to the phonebook location then and each of numbers. This when Stop and of with and
Not Inc. A A 7BB A G6 F
Not Inc. 7BB A A G)3 F
Not Inc. 6B 7BB 7BB
Not Inc. C A A A 7BB A
Not Inc. Press to the choice selected OR to the without If the to the Press appears the then the the appears. appear Press The choices (ON and OFF) the Press or [ON] Press or the Press to L( C B C
when received Not Inc. L Press selected the the when If activated, and the or options received. and when when L H G# 7F +D H H G 0BI'' <F L
Not Inc. Press or the Press to the Press to A A Press or the and associated with this telephone memory location shown the selection. The to this Press to the Press to the shown the Press to the to the the the phone to
from the phone to Not Inc. M B With the shown the to Press Three One C to the The the memory to the location memory location Specifying Memory Location and memory locations with the locations through with the
Not Inc. the and The phone to If the appears the A B Recalling the Recalling from memory. Press to Recalling using There three this: If the security the shown the the location of the memory. Press Security appears the the the RECALL: security A A Press or the
from Not Inc. the Recalling or fromYour the shown the or to the to the
Not Inc. A 0B I'' 7BB
Inc. H H the three and holding or Press to the or to the The and the line-by-line or H H H C
Not Inc. To G/ Press or the the to read. Press or the Press or the Text. Press to the Press to the of Press to You the text memory With the through the or through the three and holding or -OR- or Press to the If that read, and the appear the Press or the Press to To the text A Press
Not Inc. 7BB A L L L 4A L
shown the Press to If only the Text Press to to Inc. A or to the or of the The Text switch back and forth the and the Text that both and From or of the If both text and of the Text appears the the right of this arrows, which L CLR L L SELECTION STORED! If only text shown thedisplay. Press to directly to or What which of To the and The text or Access to Text and Press to
Not Inc. H H G 0B I'' <F H G# 7F +D RCL A RCL
services that from service The the following choices specifying and text and Not Inc. StoreScrpd to the scratch memory, shown the Unread- If text service from service Text to text RCL ScrPad to the scratch memory. to text both and If service from service Text to text RCL to the of previously called. If or service, to and this If service from service to and this MemoryUsed to the of the memory that
Not Inc. A A A A A 7BB
service areas. If active, the text shown the Not Inc. seconds the as You this tone If granted, phone sounds Not Active The tone sounds the of the and then Sounds off the to the and from thesystem, from the service A or the information obtained, the services the information If the to the services. If shown. the If service offers to service.
Light 7BB Not Inc. Light D ,C: G #F B A G# >F A A
0B I'' L Not Inc. The the following choices the of through and the to the ON to to memory locations memory location. I: ON to to memory location the or location and frequently-called memory locations and to one-button these numbers. D: A to to of the following
Sounds The the following choices the and sounds and Not Inc. the to the To to office the three-digit the tion. You only to the four or of the phone or sounds. Retry the function every seconds to three the through the wireless as the and the function turned to The The than The Tone 7BB( DTMF tones This allows operations and Tone turned OFF, the function allows to other DTMF tone operated phone DTMF tones. Sound sounds three to outgoing connected to the wireless
Not Inc. A Ear Pitch
A A Not Inc. The functionality of the options the to country. selected, the from each the phone To the the security options the to country. Selections this this option to outgoing The functionality of the function this option and outgoing this option to allow of numbers. Count !E Count Count Count
A A G -F Inc. 'II Cards The the following choices to phone Cards Calling Card Access the following: Calling Card to allow the to completed) Cards Press or the Cards Press to the You prompted to security To the following Press to Cards
B Not Inc. You numbers. You which phone through the Calling Card Cards Press or the Cards Press to the You prompted to security Press to B the Flow Press or the L!
Not Inc. Flow
Not Inc. A &@@V A G)3 F I A 4,I:+IIC5 &:,@D:IDD:CI' &:I+:I@' A A
Not Inc.