the GSM Network GA628 EN
Third This published AB without ranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or AB and without however, incorporated editions of this rights AB Publication LZT R2A Printed INNOVATRON PATENTS the EMC 89/336/EEC, the Telecommunications 91/263/EEC, and the 73/23/EEC when The products the to the following Phones and Combination: ETS EMC Without Direct to EN compatibility, EN compatibility, Immunity products that they to
to high and with the to and the phone to the every of Congratulations... and thank the GA628, the who of the ordinary with the and high that other The GA628 with of front that to match the phone to This to and shows to the of and the following information: introduction to and to ready to with phone and the features to and telephone of services to with other people and the information. to of and phone to the information using EN
LZT R2A The International tion Protection (ICNIRP), the World Health (WHO), published which to RF from According to this which based the of research, there that terminals the health effects. telephones to the ICNIRP the as would other telephone. the when the and While directly the mouthpiece, the and shoul- If the should the affects quality, the phone to higher than and shorten and The and should this reduce its performance. the with immediately. to operation, off the and or RF tor vehicle the of their with vehicle to phone the of vehicle. and receiver. ON and (RF) the type of phone purchased, operates and commonly the the which phone and of these to If to RF further, choose to the of and the to phone performance with the Unauthor- or the and the other type of telephone than the telephone chased. the and regulations the of the where them. Also, when phone while please: and this information phone Since its introduction the the phone of the exciting and With with office, services, and others. and international such CENELEC ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, ENV50166-2 to the yourself. If Other- phone to service EN EN
LZT R2A Aircraft Turn phone OFF aircraft. the ground only with Turn off the the ground. the To interference with regulations to from to while the the ground. To interference with To with operations, OFF when or off Construction crews often RF to off Potentially Atmospheres Turn OFF when with tially atmosphere. It phone or its such to or to to to candles, to to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should only Authorized Service bathtub, such as found or or the such as winter. of performance, fire, shock, or and the warranty. telephones the operation of implanted people with hearing and other medically should that the of to the to malfunction. the the breast the ear the If of the and the the of interference information. AC supply) to To reduce of to cord, the located that To reduce of shock, from Children as the from outlet holding AC rather than cord. tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. cleaning, then cloth with allow to with Chil- themselves or others. Children the or that increase Product and shielded from RF RF from telephones Turn phone OFF health when regulations the to phone phone while the the or fire or death. with atmosphere of- clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and eas where the chemicals or such as or or or the of vehicle which phone and
EN/LZT R2A and Assembly Instructions Turning On the and Information and Information while and Charge SIM Card Battery The Charging Function the The Battery and the SIM Card Turning On the The International Emergency Retry Function Rejecting while Microphone the Creating as Scratch of Calling (CLI) The Through the Selecting the The SIM Card Phones Memory Recalling Unanswered Sound Protecting and SIM Card Barring Restricting and Text of Card (SIM) PIN Unblocking with PUK (Un)Locking Activating Text Checking Service SMS Reading of EN
EN/LZT R2A Information Other Networks Information Activating the Information Selecting Network Service The Selecting the About Duration of Calling Information and About Option PC-Card
EN/LZT R2A of of SIM Card Microphone Charging Battery light The to and EN
LZT R2A SIM Card the SIM Card. the battery. the charger to the the charger to the the front Assembly Instructions This chapter the what the SIM Card and the battery. and Charge SIM Card the SIM Card the SIM Card as scribed and the the of the SIM Card as SIM Card the the SIM Card as the SIM Card.
EN/LZT R2A Attaching and battery. Connecting and Attaching Attaching Battery the top of the and hear Removing Battery the phone turned off. Press the locking catch the of the the and from the The Charging Function the warning sound and the the to flash. The light the top of the phone flashing red. The warning repeated and the turned off. Connecting and Disconnecting Charger the attached to the phone and the as The the facing upwards. To the charger the and EN EN
LZT R2A the the the three and the steady light. Removing the the of the front with and the to the front too the and the the of the charging the phone as however the charging the charger to the the charger to the the turned The steady light. To that the the the and continuously. the the the three the turned off: The steady light. To that the the the and continuously. The The front around the arrows and to the right the when to instance when These facing when mount the front the top of the front the the YES and NO that the the front facing Connecting Charger to the charger The phone to charge the and the the while Charging the Battery the charger to the the tery charged. the the charging You overcharge battery. It that the with front This and to the which reduce the functionality. Mounting the the front from the the
EN/LZT R2A The SIM Card to or- SIM Card from GSM service The the the of the front the the the front and the to the front too The Battery and the SIM Card The Battery with battery. The though there might enough to the phone to the when anymore. SIM Card that track of the services that from the service and phone infor- mation. The SIM Card information that the phone the the of the SIM Card. SIM Card with security or PIN Identity that to the phone to to the phone and EN
LZT R2A the PIN and YES The PIN indicated as the If the PIN correctly, and then searching that correctly. and service Indicate that received To the Turning On the and Information This chapter the information from when Turning On the Press and the NO hear click. The to the PIN (the security that follows SIM Card). PIN: found, the light top of the phone flashes once every and the shown Turning the Press and the NO hear and the The phone
EN/LZT R2A That Battery The Whether or active. The when the activated. These when SIM Card. That the phone active. The to the That sound when the phone That text or information. the shows the when the Table what each with Table of icons. Indicates: WORLD Network The and country of the The the of the EN
LZT R2A Press NO to the International Press and the the international displayed. If YES the the answered, or the If or the interrupted. If the the phone once to inform If to or the of the MissedCall shown the Press YES to To the off YES If the the hear Press YES to the The shows Calling Connecting and the phone with than characters. To CLR To the phone and CLR of seconds. (The international The country with or without SIM Card, GSM within and YES that SIM Card the phone and that the PIN Retry Function If the or the trying to reach the shows Retry? Press to the otherwise YES NO Press YES to the the finished, NO the the ear- to ear. If the hearing. Rejecting Press NO when the phone The this: BusyTone and the and The shown the If the than characters, the of the shown as arrow the country (without leading and the Press YES to the Emergency the and the light the top of the The shows
EN/LZT R2A Tone and to DTMF tones. to or to Showing If includes showing when calling, chose to the the to Press the arrow. The shows Press YES to the phone This allows to and or other, then switch the To to the function. Microphone Press and the CLR as Scratch the while the the the Press to the the YES Calling (CLI) The Calling service shows the phone when (You to this service from If the both the and The function with the to Press the arrow The shows Id? Press YES to the Information while This chapter the of the ear the as scratch DTMF tones, the of the or phone (CLI Calling and while the arrow to increase or the ear Checking of (incoming or outgoing), the counted and seconds and shown the this: If includes showing phone when calling, phone EN
LZT R2A while hear tone the and the shows Press YES to the The The this. To the YES On while the and YES The first and the this: On You of the following: Press followed YES to the third the first the and both The phone and the the incoming appears the Press to YES the Activating the Function Press YES Please ON The Deactivating the Function Press YES The Please OFF Switching Press to switch the YES the and to the Press NO to the The shows and hear Press YES within three seconds to to the If YES within three seconds, the Third If and third You hear tone the ear and shown the You only to the first or the third
LZT R2A Pressing the or right arrow to the that If the three appear the the below: Moving Through the these to through the and to the These throughout the Press this: To: YES Confirm or selection. NO or function. CLR to the to the right the to the the Selecting the Press CLR to clear the Press the right arrow reach the Press YES You the Press the arrow to the and then YES to the This chapter through the to of The You the of reach the YES to choose the the reach the function or Then, the as chose YES to the or function. Select Scrolling to and then YES or from the EN EN
LZT R2A Info... MissedCall
LZT R2A International If to both and should as ternational numbers, with the international and the country the (without leading and the To the and the the the The that the SIM the and then YES. You should, therefore, numbers. International If to both and abroad, should as ternational numbers, with the international and the country the (without leading and the To the and the the the The that the SIM the and then YES. You should, therefore, numbers. If to the the the directly to If to the CLR to the and another Press YES to the The shows If selected that already displayed. Press YES to If to the the the directly to If to the CLR to the and another Press YES to the The shows If selected that already displayed. Press YES to You phone both SIM Card and own memory. The the that the SIM Card and those other while the memory the which SIM Card You to the memory. The of phone SIM Card SIM Card You both SIM Card and own memory. The the that the SIM Card and those other while the memory the which SIM Card You to phone the phone memory. The of SIM Card SIM Card the phone to Press the arrow shown and YES the first of the the as as characters). the when the to the The of the SIM Press YES when finished the the to Press the arrow shown and YES the first of the the as as Table characters). the when the to the The of the SIM Press YES when finished the Follow the as phone the SIM to prompted to once to character (which memory) and to the phone the first free Press YES to the Follow the as the SIM to prompted to once to character (which phone memory) and to the the first free Press YES to the Creating This chapter numbers both SIM Card and memory. The Creating This chapter phone both SIM Card and memory. The SIM Card SIM Card overwrite or NO to to the and Phones Memory overwrite or NO to to the and Phones Memory EN EN
LZT R2A and Press YES to the Table of numbers, and Press to lower-case Press and to the directly. the of the first and YES. The first that matches the played. If to the Press the to the Press YES to the Recalling Press CLR to from the C of to the the character: Recalling You from the SIM or the phone memory. You the phone the or the tion. Recalling Press CLR to from the Select the You prompted to From SIM Card the and Press YES to the or Press or to to the CLR NO the to and YES with the showing. From Memory Press and the shown. the Press to Press YES to the or the to and YES Select the Choose the to and CLR Press YES the
LZT R2A phone the numbers. Recalling From of Press CLR to from the Press The shown. YES Press YES to the or to the to and then YES to Then the of the MissedCall Checking Unanswered Select the MissedCall or Unknown shown. of the following: Press to the YES Press CLR to the the EN EN
LZT R2A You choose of Press the arrow and YES The this: Press the right or arrow to to the types. Press to type. YES phone that choose If SIM Card the function, the the SIM Card immediately. to English Clear the the Sound Select Sound the Select the sound This chapter phone to own Select the to the YES Turning Select the the The this: Select the to the to the Press YES to the
LZT R2A The arrow the when ALL CALLS activated. Select the Select option. Chose and YES the where Press the arrow to from the phone that and You of the following: to diverted, including the and YES and YES YES You only activated the function There the to option, and when the active or off). Select the Select the option to and choose and YES There the prompted that If SIM Card and service to each separately. The service of telephone turned within the inform about activated each the or off. seconds, turned off or of reach of of Select the Select the option to and choose There the and inform which active or off). This chapter the function. service the to to another or this when the active: EN EN
LZT R2A The locked or the yourself. You the international when the locked. and SIM Card, 4-to PIN Identity and PUK Unblocking If SIM off the The PIN the that to to and PIN with functions and to The PUK (and PUK to or service PUK and YES PIN the and YES the PIN the and YES If both the PUK and the PIN correctly, the read: New PIN phone three of of theft) Card with The and phone found the LOCKS and the the SETTINGS You the that tion the turned when carrying or the seconds the action. the shows Unlocking Press and YES Card (SIM) The protects SIM Card. the active, prompted to PIN Select NewPIN the PIN the and YES the PIN and YES the PIN the and YES Unblocking with PUK If the PIN incorrectly three the read: PUK: Protecting and SIM Card This chapter the that to These the of protecting phone of theft. the Select the SETTINGS Select To off the lock, the option. that phone when the PIN (PIN PIN Select the
LZT R2A The protects the unauthorized of the The phone activated when the These the of phone locks: You to the SIM the Autolock: You to the the Select the New Select the (the factory or and YES to the and YES (Un)Locking Select the Select the option, (the factory or the and YES To the choose Unlock the LOCKS EN EN lock: the the and YES
LZT R2A Barring phone the following options might outgoing outgoing international outgoing international to incoming when country Barring Select the Incoming or Select the option Select with tion) and YES The the as PIN Select the SETTINGS Select the option. the and YES Press to the from the CLR There the and inform which Barring Restricting This chapter to and from This might The service which of to or from This to This GSM service To of the that with Activating Press CLR to the from the There the and which activated.
LZT R2A You to the service ore If to to and YES You phone Table and the to to and YES the arrow to to to and YES Reading Incoming Press when YES The the of the SMS, the Press YES The which phone the from, or the The Short Service (SMS) function allows to and text that to characters. Text when the phone when or when incoming to another Also, phone turned off while the track of the and to phone as as turned received, the memory. The the memory You off the phone and the intact. If the other hand, SIM Card, the This should Service the service service Select the the service with the tional and YES SMS Select New the the this: At the hear as as the and the light top of the flash. and Text This chapter SMS, what to and This service Text Checking service to which services or the The this: EN EN
LZT R2A Press the right arrow to the of the following: The arrow shows that through the with the right arrow the the YES the the the NO YES the reply). Press YES the and the the SIM Card. Reading Select the READ to the to and YES through the the right Press CLR the and YES the The this:
LZT R2A The the phone that the AI service off. Activating the Information Select On the Info Doctors reports reports Weather District Network information services Directory Directory (international) Customer Customer (international) to the (to the the to and YES Info the to the and YES. New and YES While the SMS function service with directed to the Information type that to section of city, the You phone to those of to to, the weather forecast or the with service which AI Information) the this: and YES The this the to the 1.Select to the (to the the to and YES the Info 3.Press YES the Information This chapter phone Information (AI).This service Information At the following Info Select the Press the right arrow to the first and YES EN EN
LZT R2A the selects its If this within might to reception or, abroad, choose service allowing to the This the following of the Network and other Network and other service Network and search Other This chapter when of of service Selecting Network the Networks the matically searches the that found, whether the or Network and Network and currently
LZT R2A If the service, the arrow to reach which or YES. of the and the or to when the Clear the first CLR. The selected indicated as L1 or L2 the bot- of the From outgoing the lected You however, both the or the rently selected If already to the other It to each the and function. the the SETTINGS there function, or the currently selected This function allows to to each characters the Service with phone numbers, and assigned to The to and (SMS) however, only The service and Selecting The the the INFO the currently selected EN EN
LZT R2A There to the information: the the of Info Select the to when it Specify the Unit Select from the Info If to, the currency, At the Curr: the currency and If to currency, GBP YES. YES the Curr: Option If activated the The of each then deducted from the specified amount. the amount to heard as warning. This the of outgoing hours and the This the of and seconds. The of the appears the finished. The of recorded the phone and Calling Information About If both the and SIM the of displayed as instead of If to, specify each that from the while Activating the Select Info from the Cost? At the YES. the You the (or the of of the the when the To the (or the of the Info the Info the to the and YES. At the YES. the PIN2 and YES. The This chapter of the and About Duration of phone of of the follow- This shows the of hours and the Info Select the to the option to and YES. Press YES the the To Press YES to finish. the PIN2 and YES.
LZT R2A Specifying Credit from the Info New Credit Select the and YES. the amount You the amount of money the when the You the Info and then to the Credit function. The and the amount the EN EN the PIN2 and YES.
LZT R2A If and the to countries the to required. and This chapter of the that You the front of This allows to match the to of Answering/Rejecting with phone to to while Press NO to NO the PC-Card phone of and through (PCMCIA). the with and the to Office which
LZT R2A Battery Battery tone about CLI restricting Specify sound Barring activating activating Calling information activating deactivating text International Index AI information information C Activating Duration of about EN EN
LZT R2A phone SIM locking locking Protecting PUK from SIM about Microphone through the PIN PIN showing about from phone activating turning off Memory names/numbers SIM memory about
LZT R2A Service SIM SMS protecting Unblocking Select Text Text reading Reading text Recalling type phone memory SIM EN text