EN English
products that they 91/263/EEC, and the 73/23/EEC when The to the EMC 89/336/EEC, the Telecommunications products the to the following The EN compatibility, and EN compatibility, Immunity ETS EMC telecommunications. Without Direct to Phones and Combination: warranty. and to this typographical of information, or to and/or without however, incorporated editions of this This published AB without Communications AB and This GF768 (March AB Publication LZT R1A INNOVATRON PATENTS rights Printed
EN and other type of telephone than the telephone chased. off the and or the where them. Also, when using phone while the and the of operation, to please: the choose to the of and If to RF further, to phone performance with While directly the mouthpiece, USE the affects the as would other telephone. the to higher the and shoul- If the should than and and the when the phone IN ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, operation this information of the exciting and with office, services, and ucts developed. With Since its introduction the the others. phone purchased, operates ON and and commonly (RF) the type of the telephone and receiver. the which to the with vehicle RF tor vehicle the of their of vehicle. to the yourself. phone to service If Other- immediately. the phone with and telephones to the ICNIRP The International health effects. which based the of research, there Health (WHO), published which to RF from CENELEC ENV50166-2 According to this that the tion Protection (ICNIRP), the World and international such the and of these to LZT R1A RF from telephones and shielded from RF regulations the to Turn phone OFF health when the Unauthor- or the phone and the
bathtub, Not to the Doing only warranty. This Not to or such as found or or should Authorized Service to to Not to candles, to of performance, fire, serviceable Service shock, or and the such as the Product ranty. cleaning, then To reduce of shock, from cloth with the of interference breast the implanted people the and the telephones the operation of that the of phone to the phone the with hearing and other medically should the to malfunction. ear the If of information. toy. Children themselves or others or that increase telephone Children the allow children to with It themselves or others the with the off Construction crews often RF to off OFF when or To with operations, Children Aircraft clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and where the chemicals or such as with atmosphere or such or fire Turn OFF when with tially atmosphere. It or its or death. Potentially atmospheres the ground. To interference with to from while the To interference with to phone while the the To reduce of to cord, the located that it tripped or otherwise subjected to AC supply) only to from holding AC rather as the or stress. than cord. Turn off the the the ground with Turn phone OFF ground. the LZT R1A or or the of vehicle which phone and
EN of About Turning the Sound About the Phones of About Information while as Scratch while Checking of Tone Microphone the Selecting the Sound Through the About the Connecting Charger to Connecting Charger to About the Battery and the SIM About the Charging Function and Assembly Instructions and Charge SIM Card Attaching Battery Card Protecting and SIM Card Unblocking with PUK (Un)Locking Card (SIM) PIN About Creating SIM Card About Phones About About Recalling About the Position Memory and Turning On the and International Emergency Learning about Information Turning On the (CLI) About Calling About the Rejecting Retry Function LZT R1A Activating Restricting About Barring Barring the Clock About Clock
and Text Service About Other Reading Checking About Text SMS Information Activating the Information Duration of Calling Information About Choosing Network About Information About Duration of Selecting Network Other Networks LZT R1A
EN This chapter the what the SIM Card and Assembly Instructions the battery. the SIM release the SIM Card the SIM Card. facing and the turned to the the SIM Card with the The SIM release towards the the SIM Card the SIM Card as the SIM Card SIM Card the charger to the Charge and the SIM Card. the battery. the to the LZT R1A SIM Card. SIM Card
the and Disconnecting Charger the phone turned off. Battery Battery To the and from the Press the locking catch the of the the top of the and hear battery. LZT R1A the The to the and the the while Connecting and Removing battery. Charger to Connecting the as the attached to the and the that fits Charger to Connecting
EN services that from the service The SIM Card and phone information. that of the About the Battery and the SIM Card About the Charging Function the of the SIM Card. The SIM Card information that the the SIM Card with security to the phone to to or PIN Identity that the and to SIM Card from GSM service The SIM Card shipment, though there might with battery. The enough to the phone The Battery to the the the the charging You overcharge battery. charging the as however the charging This chapter the information from phone when Turning On the and Information The PIN indicated as the the PIN and YES If the PIN correctly, welcomed Then searches the PIN (the security that follows hear click. The to Press and the NO SIM Card). Turning On the LZT R1A Press and the hear NO and the Turning the found, the light and the shown top of the flashes once every PIN:
About the The the of the only SIM Card. Whether or active. The respective when the activated. These The and country of the Network Indicates: Table of icons. WORLD The below shows the when the the what each and service Indicate that that correctly. to: that sound when the phone active. The arrows to the that The arrow that the phone diverted. That text or information. That with LZT R1A The Battery
EN Learning about The to and light Microphone Microphone Charging SIM release Battery LZT R1A of of
to or when (CLI Calling This chapter to and to international and and to and If the YES the If or the answered, or the interrupted. If the the phone to inform Press and the the tional displayed. the country (without leading and the phone International the than the of the shown as arrow The phone shown the If the and the light the top of the the phone and The shows the finished, NO Press to the YES country with or without SIM Card, (The international The The shows Emergency GSM within and YES. Press to the YES Emergency and CLR To To the CLR of seconds. with than LZT R1A Press or when NO The this: the phone Rejecting BusyTone Press to the otherwise YES NO If the and the receivers the shows Retry? Retry Function Press to the The shows YES Calling Connecting and the phone If the hear tone and the shows Press to the NO
EN hear tone the and the shows While If to normally when calling, If the the hear To the YES Press the The YES The this. On This allows to and or another, then phone switch the the to The shows Id? Press Press to the YES Press to To the YES off YES If to or rejected the of the shown the Missed About Calling (CLI) Press within three seconds to to the YES The shows and hear the and Press to the NO to the Press to switch the YES Switching The Please Press YES To to to the function. Function Activating the when calling, the If to normally withhold Showing the the when The Calling service shows to this service). If the instead of the LZT R1A If within three seconds, YES the Press YES Function Deactivating the ON. the to The shows Id? Press Press to the YES
Press to the third YES You of the following: You hear tone the ear and third If and shown the Third while the first the and the incoming both The phone and the tion appears the Press to the YES the of the ear the as scratch Information while DTMF tones; the of the You only to the first or the The first and the YES this: the and On and to DTMF tones. to or to Tone Press and the as as CLR the microphone muted. Microphone as Scratch increase or the ear the to while LZT R1A (incoming or outgoing), the counted and seconds and shown the this: of Checking the the the while the Press to the the YES
EN This chapter through the to of the Scrolling to and then YES or from the Pressing the or right arrow to the Select These throughout the these to through the and to the the Moving Through If the three appear the the that below: You the functions of About the This to to the Sound Press YES Press the arrow reach the Press to clear the CLR Keysound Sound Selecting the choose the the reach the to YES reach the function or Then, the chose to YES the or function. to the right the to the the or selection. to the or function. CLR YES NO Press this: To: LZT R1A
MissedCall Info... Clock Networks LZT R1A Sound
EN This chapter phone both SIM Card and Creating memory. to the CLR If to the displayed and another Press to the YES The shows If chosen that Press to overwrite or to to the YES NO already occupied, displayed. and the and then You YES the SIM Card should, therefore, numbers. The that memory. The the You both the SIM Card and those memory the other while SIM Card and own which SIM Card About the to the the first (which memory) and prompted to once to the character the SIM Card to Follow the the as Press to the YES Phones Memory the as as the first of the characters). Press the arrow shown and YES the phone to SIM Card with the international and the country the (without leading and should phone as international phone numbers, If to phone both International and the phone memory. The of phone SIM Card SIM Card You to phone the LZT R1A to the The of the SIM Card Press when with the YES the when the If to the the the directly to To the and the the the
or the Press to the YES to and YES Press to Position About Recalling Choose the to and CLR Press the YES Select the Press and the shown. From Memory or the Press to the YES to and YES Press or to to the CLR NO with the showing. the and From SIM Card Press to from the CLR Recalling the SIM Card or the memory. You the the You from or the You prompted to Select the Press the this to the C Press together with to the or third Press to lower-case Press and to the directly Table of numbers, and the the or the first and The first that matches the displayed. If to the YES Press to from the CLR Recalling The selected and the the Press to the YES LZT R1A and Press to the YES
EN Select the MissedCall of the following: Unanswered or Unknown shown. Checking Press The shown. YES Press to the or to the YES to About Press to who the from (CLI). YES Press to the CLR the to Then the phone track of the MissedCall About Press to from the CLR Recalling From of phone least the numbers. The SIM Card. You choose of You the to choose that created yourself. the chapter About This chapter the to Press the arrow The this: and YES Turning Select the to the YES the LZT R1A The this. Select the the to silently.
About Press the right or arrow to to the types. the to silently. the function, the phone choose If SIM phone that chosen the SIM immediately Select the though the turned off. The this: The shown. Select the World the Press YES of the the of the If to the Press to type. YES the Clock Clock to the shown and YES Sound the to English Clear the Press to turn it off completely or YES to the function Press and the Turn the pears. Turning the Select the The appears. Follow the instruction below to the clock. hours the the or right arrow the The this. Select the Clock To this: this: LZT R1A Select the sound Select the Sound Press YES the to or the to 12-hours or 24-hours Press to the YES
EN to and of You This You of of that The the and to the Press to the YES The this: Press the The this: Press the The Press the phone the to of tones to which and which with other to which which the About the Phones Press to the as YES the Press once to to three to the increase or the pitch tone pitch. where C and high D. Table of To: Press this: If and the You to to Table that easy to LZT R1A You higher as front of the higher or the within the Press and to to the or of the the to the of the If and the CLR whole CLR this. Select the The D, and tones This to the C,
Press and the C with the The this: The this: Press the Press to the as YES the The phone the and to the Press to the YES The this: Press the The this: Press the first section. This section to The F, F, C, C, and C tones this. Select the 1L C Table of to LZT R1A +G 5L
EN This chapter the function. when the You There the to option, and activated the function active or off). of about activated each the inform the this: Select the option to and choose and There the which active or off). Select the The when the active. Chose and YES Select the option. service to another or the to If SIM Card and service to each About LZT R1A prompted that There the Select the option to and choose Select the the where to diverted, including the and YES Press the arrow to from and YES. the that and YES You of the following: of turned or off. within seconds, phone turned off or of reach of The service
This chapter the that to These Protecting and SIM Card the of protecting phone of theft. The PUK (and PUK that phone when the PIN (PIN2). Select the PIN To turn off the the option. the Select the Unlocking Select of theft) and the The and phone found the the phone three of About Card the PIN the and YES the PIN the and YES If the PIN incorrectly three the read: Unblocking with PUK the PIN and YES PUK: Select NewPIN PUK Unblocking If to PIN Identity and SIM Card, SIM allows off the and prompted to PIN SIM Card. the active, The protects Card (SIM) Press and YES You the that turned seconds the action. action the phone turned when carrying or activated, the the the PIN the and YES LZT R1A If both the PUK and the PIN rectly, the read: PIN the and YES PUK and YES New PIN The PIN the that to to and PIN2 with when the locked. You the international the yourself. The locked or
EN to the every the phone the and (the factory or Select the option, To the choose Unlock the Select the YES the (the factory or and YES the the and to the and YES Select the New phone activated when the of the there theft. The phone unauthorized The protects the to the phone every SIM Card the These the of phone locks: tional to the SIM Card country. This chapter to and from This might Barring Restricting phone the following options might Barring YES About Barring LZT R1A incoming when when incoming outgoing country outgoing international to outgoing international international The service which phone to This This of to or from GSM service
the and YES with and YES To of the that with Press to the from the CLR and There the which Press to the from the CLR and There the which activated. Select the option the Barring Select Incoming or from the Barring Select the option Activating Select LZT R1A
EN This chapter SMS, what to and This service and Text Table and the phone or the to to to and YES The this: to to service to which or the service Checking that to characters. Text when or when of the and to allows to and text when the incoming to another phone The Short Service (SMS) function turned off while the Also, as as turned About Text Select the to the or the The service the repeated. If through, back to Duration of the Select the service with the and YES the service service Select the Service Select intact. If the other the memory memory. The memory, which to You off the and the received, the This hand, SIM Card, the should LZT R1A service and the service You SMS from to the About Other and You YES Select New the SMS If You to the service
phone the YES Press when YES Incoming Reading the the following supported): and the the the the NO reply). Press the YES the SIM Card. Press the and CLR the YES the the YES The from which phone The the or the this: Press YES The the of the SMS, the press- The than characters. Select the Both and X400 to the to and YES through the the right arrow Select the Reading The arrow shows that through the with the right arrow Press the right arrow to the At the hear as as the and the light top of the flash. the this: Select the type Select LZT R1A of the following:
EN This chapter Information (AI).This Information service the title to the The this and YES the Press the right arrow to the first and YES At the following Directory Directory Customer (international) reports Customer Network information reports services Weather Doctors District Flashes of to the weather forecast or the Information broadcast type that While the SMS function service You to those section of city, the Each with service which to subscribers with directed to the About Information Select the to the (to the the to and YES Press the YES AI the this: LZT R1A Select the to the (to the the to and YES to New and YES the and YES On the Information Activating the The the that the AI service turned off.
This chapter of the of Duration of finished. The of The of the appears the recorded the phone and There to the information: Calling Information hours and the This shows the of phone of track of the following: About Duration of the the or of when it Select the Info to This chapter when of of service Other Networks This the of and seconds. This the of outgoing hours and the LZT R1A whether the or found, the the searches the Each that allowing to the service This the selects its If this within might to reception or, choose About Choosing Network
EN through the to which The of that search to the when another country. the below of the indication: the You selection, shown whenever the the to the search to Select the Network Search Press to YES Select The phone search and the shows the Select the the the the search of the search and and selection. This that selection. Selecting Network other service Network and other Network and currently Network and Network and Network and the search, to and YES search LZT R1A
LZT R1A
EN reduced Duration of information about Calling about disconnecting international connecting restricting outgoing rejecting function Charger Clock CLI C information Assembly instructions information turning off activating Assembly about AI text Emergency Barring activating Battery attaching tone about about Battery LZT R1A information
Protecting phone locking from phone turning off from SIM showing locking about about about PUK PIN Text Microphone type Microphone Memory about X400 SIM International International turning off sound phone about about SIM LZT R1A Noting selecting Network
EN Turning off phone Turning through reading Text Barring memory release protecting SIM Card SIM Card about SMS Unblocking Rejecting Recalling type about X400 Text about Service Select LZT R1A