The The ERICSSON MENU from Copy MENU info Missed MENU On? clock Clock This appear when turned the chapter Communicating the This appears only offers the service Service) and to chapter The Service). These slightly selected Next type other than MENU Copy MENU Clock MENU Ear type sound Light info MENU IR MENU to LINE The English. The English from the US MENU Press to clockwise or anticlockwise or function back the back to the MENU Info Tot MENU Next type FAX MENU MENU Access Barring Waiting Unlock PIN PIN2 security Select Search New search MENU On Unreachable
The and light Microphone Active (IR) Navigation Connector charger and other Functions YES to: incoming and switch selections and selected ON/OFF and NO to: the phone or off. incoming and back the NAVIGATION KEY LEFT or RIGHT (or and to and through the CLR (Clear), to from the the telephone. to from the the strength. The that shown, the higher the strength. Battery The the the there The locked. incoming to another The turned off. L1 NUMERIC KEYS to the and to The the STAR to: the character. character HASH to: the characters or phone from the VOLUME KEYS the of the to: the incoming temporarily the FLIP, to and You text You received The The currently selected. that the Service.)
Congratulations and thank choosing the WORLD, specially the user of the that become associated with the of the WORLD others to follow. from its toughness and extraordinary sound the WORLD with that These of the highlights: With the in-built about PC Cards. It already to PC, or Wireless thanks to its allows to the as as Africa, the and the Americas. the other from the WORLD to the highest This to WORLD and shows to the of please the and Please that of the and services scribed this choice of Should information to them, Press to the the cover. the and of tion and information, the service to easy and information wherever It to services, user and formation when It allows to software which from products. If there nected to the The to To to the service user and The first please the following: Id: that and the first to
Information To to to to This obtained from the The services included choice of and/or Therefore, of the services and this to If of the services included tion, please GSM The WORLD which that phone of the GSM and the GSM The GSM the US and other of the Americas, and the GSM the and of Africa. This that WORLD Consequently, the WORLD offers international thanks to the when The switching the matically, which that phone without to which used. This of the should that the functions offered and the Press to the the cover. SIM PIN coverage choice of and/or You SIM (Subscriber Identity with The SIM that of the services from and information, other things. SIM with security or PIN Identity which to to the PIN when to Furthermore, that PIN, PIN2. You PIN (and PIN2) the information from Every turn to PIN. If the PIN incorrectly three the SIM If this PUK which from You should with PIN, tection unauthorized of and
The SIM Card as with SIM SIM One the of credit and the other (about the of The WORLD the SIM which perforated that easily. the SIM the To the SIM Card To the SIM the attached) and follow these Press to the the cover. Release the SIM the of the arrow. the the SIM the that the top right.
the The Battery phone with battery. The when there enough to the that charge the the To the Battery to the the the back of the Press the upwards and the phone Press to the the cover. the pressing and the rection of the arrow the To the Battery that the phone turned off the chapter). Then: Press the catch the of the battery. the and from the To Charge the Battery that the attached to the Then: the charger to the (The the that fits the
the charger lights If the the charger correctly. (You to the clear the charger to the It correctly when Press to the the cover. the other of the to the phone to the The the wards. that to It to the while the charged. This however, increase the charging The charging the when the To the the continuously and emptied. the top of the phone shows steady light the phone turned the charged, the the and the top of the phone steady light. To the Charger the nected to the phone upwards and to Charge the Battery The that with whenever without performance. This the with the cheaper type batteries, often as from other and the that only with WORLD. To that the to or with
sounds and the Battery appears seconds the the light top of the phone red. If the phone turned the repeated and, finally, the phone off when the to satisfactorily. It might to the to or You should charge the or with Press to the the cover.
Turning On the To the Press and the NO ON/OFF hear click. The to PIN. PIN. The appear as the If while PIN, the the CLR Press YES PIN If PIN correctly, ERICSSON appear the The then search ERICSSON If PIN incorrectly three the SIM and to PUK chapter Security. found, the phone three The light top of the flashes once every and abbreviated) shown the If the charger connected, the steady light instead of flashing You and This ERICSSON Network Displayed If the Emergency only displayed, within of to the international (or chapter and Press to the the cover. To Turn the Initial MENU SETTINGS LANGUAGE English If the displayed, there within or the too You to to sufficiently and the NO ON/OFF the turned off. The first WORLD, to the and and the clock. SIM the to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English. To the Press the LEFT or RIGHT the appears. Press YES to the Press the to the LEFT the appears. Press YES to the Press the the Press YES to the
Press CLR to to If with phone to LEFT RIGHT the The shown the of the the normally If to the Press the LEFT the Clock appears. Press YES to the Clock Press the RIGHT the clock appears. Press YES to the clock function. the hours and and YES Press CLR to to MENU Clock CLOCK clock SET CLOCK The the 24-hour If the 12-hour the information, Phone. To the Press the RIGHT The text and the appears the Press YES to the the to the Pressing RIGHT increases the Pressing LEFT the The once with the as the the and MENU Press to the the cover. the the of the phone to the silently. If WORLD connected to or brating the this separately. information. Press YES to the Press CLR to to
and The instructions this chapter that turned phone and that within of Emergency To If the phone the NO hear click. the international (or the Americas). that as the and Press YES The shows Emergency. that SIM the phone and, that the PIN as the and The shown the If to CLR To and the CLR Press YES to the The shows Connecting. ERICSSON Press to the the cover. ERICSSON It to the of the Other Features. ERICSSON abroad, phone search that allowed to Which the with the the country chapter the answered, the shows the and seconds. If or through, NO The memory which easy to the below.) If the matically. below.) to the NO The shows the of the three seconds. International Press and the displayed. The the international the country from. the country the (without leading and the Press YES to the
Checking the first characters If characters than the the first characters the To the first characters: the RIGHT Checking the first characters If characters than the the first characters the To the first characters: the RIGHT the and the tor light top of the The shows the phone and the tor light top of the phone The shows If includes the Calling tion service and the the the the of the If the with the the shown the If includes the Calling tion service and the the the the of the If the with the phone the shown the The and within coverage of received. The turned and within coverage of received. To the the If the YES. the finished, NO or the To the the If the already YES. the finished, NO or the flip. To the when CLR To the when CLR To the There of rejecting the Press the NO Press the the of the phone To the There of rejecting the Press the NO Press the the of the The hear tone the this function. If activated, The hear tone the this function. If activated, Press to the the cover. LAST DIALLED If to clear the memory, the following: Press the LEFT The appears. Press YES to the Press the LEFT the numbers function appears. Press YES to the numbers tion. Press and the CLR The appears. Press YES to the from the memory. Press CLR to to If to clear the memory, the following: Press the LEFT The appears. Press YES to the Press the LEFT the numbers function appears. Press YES to the numbers tion. Press and the CLR The appears. Press YES to the from the memory. Press CLR to to the incoming to the specified Incoming the incoming to the specified Incoming WORLD the phone or SIM It matically the when first called. WORLD the or SIM It matically the when first called. To Previously Called Press YES The shows the Press the RIGHT or LEFT the to shown the of the Press YES to the To Previously Called Press YES The shows the Press the RIGHT or LEFT the to shown the of the Press YES to the The Function If the and the receivers the shows Retry? the top and the reason the the The Function If the and the receivers the shows Retry? the top and the reason the the
To the automatically: Press YES The the answered, to If or the interrupted. If the the and then hear If to retry, NO Calling Who Called You If to the Calling service, and the the the of the the To of the numbers: Press the to the LEFT The appears. Press YES to the Press the LEFT repeatedly the function appears. Press YES to the function. Press the the Press YES to the MENU ANSWERED To clear the memory: Press the to the LEFT The appears. Press YES to the Press the LEFT repeatedly the function appears. Press YES to the function. Press CLR The appears. Press YES ANSWERED Press to the the cover. ERICSSON MENU MISSED CALLS MISSED CALLS If within hours, the of the displayed. the the You and If received to the of shown the CLR Information about the memory, which to when the received. If tion includes the Calling service and the the who called. To Who Called and Press the to the LEFT repeatedly the appears. Press YES to the Press the repeatedly the Missed function appears. Press YES to the Missed function. The the Calling service) shown the together with the (or when the received. If information about the ceived, the of the follow- Unidentified, which that informa- tion Restricted, which that the to withhold the To other the repeatedly. Press CLR to to
To from the Missed Memory the information about the shown, CLR Press YES or Showing With the when This that the when offer where normally If to the this the To the to Press the RIGHT The appears. Press YES to the Press the repeatedly appears. Press YES to the MENU SPECIAL FUNC To the phone to Press the RIGHT The appears. Press YES to the MENU Press to the the cover. SPECIAL FUNC Press the Id appears. Press YES to the
WORLD functions which might helpful while the To the If to the Press the the of the phone or Pressing UP increases the Pressing DOWN the To the Microphone To the microphone temporarily Press and the CLR shown the To release the CLR To the as Scratch If to write phone the Scratch function the WORLD. To this: the the the the the You the YES or the chapter The Press to the the cover. If while the the the other of the hear To You the together with the Creating the chapter to this. If tone while the the the other of the hear the tones. To telephone services or to These as tone known as DTMF tones or tones). To tone Press the and
The The of WORLD allows to the and to to of of these with options. To around the that the fold-out the of the cover. through the The the fold-out), which through with the NAVIGATION YES NO and CLR Press to To or Press the LEFT or RIGHT reach the or function. Press YES to the or to the function. Press the to the or to Press to the the cover. clockwise or anticlockwise. or function. back the and/or back to the If the seconds, the phone to Instead of the repeatedly, and reach the or Text and SETTINGS Ear Press YES to the or to the through the the follow- hints to the or function selected. and displayed, there tions through with the Text the of the function that shown the
The The WORLD and phone numbers. This that the phone numbers. You to them or around. The of and, to the Calling service, the answered numbers. Con- to back. and the the the the WORLD with the Of- software. the Office from You information about the Office the chapter The Office You creating there things to this section, learn about the and to the with the that this the section about characters, though might to back to this when follow the You the memory the SIM Press to the the cover. the to the the and to the character. STORE office the phone memory. the memory allows to the the SIM when when SIM another On the other hand, the memory they to SIM cards. The memory the memory numbered from onwards. The of memory SIM The phone memory to phone numbers. The memory International If to phone both and should as tional phone numbers, that with the which the international the country from the country then the and the To the and leading the
Characters the phone with To the characters the follow the instructions below. Press the or repeatedly the character appears the Press to C To A, once. To B, To and the To the the directly, and the and the To the third the instead. If there of than seconds characters, the to the To the A, and then appears. Press to the the cover. Creating STORE STORE STORE appear To the First Characters If characters than the the first characters the To the first characters the LEFT To From the to the the as Press the RIGHT the You four options: To the the memory, the first the top right- corner): Press YES To the the memory, Press the RIGHT the and then YES To the the memory, the first Press the RIGHT the and then YES To the the phone memory, Press the RIGHT the once, the and then YES
If the scratch the selecting from the while the the Protection If to phone which already the Used appears the You then options. STORE Used To the Press NO the Press YES To the the selected the Press YES the If to phone when the the memory the phone memory the top of the If both If to the phone to the that already occupied. To With To telephone services or to These as tone DTMF tones or tones). If to the the with the Press to the the cover. STORE Bankbyphone Recalling Follow the instructions to the the phone and the the character appears. the If another another and following the instructions to To with tone as and the the phone the the and then the If another and another the and The Facility You the that the the memory the tion and then YES Therefore, should numbers. If to whose tion the memory: the Press YES To the From the
the to (or the first of the as You to the the first The matches the with existing its memory. Press YES The match the and the the displayed. You the If the displayed the the the and Press YES to the You the directly LEFT from the To the If know the memory where phone the using the From the the where the the memory, the the memory, and the the character appears and then the Press YES The and appear the If the the repeatedly the POSITION RECALL Press to the the cover. You the directly the and then the to the phone the the the the phone memory (to the character, and the To the YES or Showing With the when This that the phone when offer where normally If to the this the To phone when from the the phone NO instead of YES The shown the Press the RIGHT The appears. Press YES to the Press the repeatedly Id appears. Press YES to the To when from the the phone NO instead of YES The shown the Press the RIGHT
The appears. Press YES to the Press the Id appears. Press YES to the to the people might to the and or of the To Entry the There of the to You the or the To the the From the the the to the memory, the the memory, and the the character appears and then the To the YES You the the the the the (displayed the top To the to the RIGHT You the the right of the selected. EDIT EDIT Press to the the cover. EDIT You from the and then the the the CLR to the to or the to the (or right when it If the RIGHT to another and editing. To the YES To the the From the Press the LEFT The shows the the the to the The the the match. To the entry, YES You from To phone from the the or tion Press and CLR The appears. To the YES If to from the memory the memory), this as follows: From the from To phone from the memory, YES
and the might to from memory to another or the To Copy from Card Memory to Memory From the Copy to Card Phone and YES the of the first the memory to and YES the of the first the memory to to and YES To the copying, YES COPY ALL Card COPY CARD From To Copy from Memory to Card Memory From the Copy to Card and YES. the of the first the phone memory to and YES the of the first the memory to to and YES To the copying, YES COPY ALL Card COPY PHONE From To Copy from Card Memory to Memory One One From the to Card and YES the of the first the memory to and YES COPY Card Press to the the cover. Copy to the of the first the memory to to and YES To YES The the memory played and the the memory every the from the tion onwards, YES to NO to to the the memory CLR to to another the or memory the of the and YES Navigation LEFT or RIGHT to the memory To Press CLR To Copy from Memory to Card Memory One One From the to Card and YES To from the phone memory to the memory the YES NO and CLR as
and Text of WORLD the Short Service (SMS). This allows to and consisting of to characters. the Short Service, to about whether the people to reach their or as they their the them. Text when the or when incoming to another phone If the turned off when notifying displayed the phone turned from to WORLD and X400 and the Short Service. Check with which and WORLD with the Office software. The Office to write and SMS information this please the chapter The Office The Short Service Press to the the cover. The Memory If to once, the memory the This allows to If there the memory, appear to the the of the The memory to memory the when ceived. If the memory becomes with the SIM memory. If the SIM memory becomes the the memory them SIM or the telephone the memory to The SIM Card Memory If and to from the memory, it memory SIM This that the of which phone that the SIM memory there them. If the SIM memory becomes the
the Text If the phone to service from SIM specify the yourself. to or own From the to and YES to and YES If there the the of the service including the international and YES To to CLR MAIL ready to and text allow SMS to within their Duration of If because the within reach of Service to the hours, or the service From the New appears. to the and YES Select the option and YES to the and YES SEND MESSAGES OPTIONS The other of Service offer the facility to text Press to the the cover. OPTIONS type ordinary text (SMS) to other the type. Composing and that the that to the further information about the To the type: From the to using the and YES to the type option and YES Select the the and YES To to to know to characters the Press the or the character appears the Press to C
To A, once. To B, To and the To the the directly, and the and the To the third the instead. To the A, and then appears. appear If characters than the the first characters the To the first characters Press the LEFT reach the characters to If there of than seconds characters, the phone to the From the New appears. Press YES appears. To You through the text with the and characters to the of the or characters the completed YES reply? appears. If the to to the YES If NO MAIL reply? Press to the the cover. SEND MESSAGES The with of with which Reading New the phone or from the phone To the LEFT You options: To the YES To the NO The the memory. If to the the To instead of when the the hear sound and the informs of The light the top of the You If to the once, YES If to the NO The the memory and appear the the of the If YES the first three of the showing who the from and when received. New If the than hours, the with the the arrived. the and the To the first of the YES
through the the RIGHT forwards and LEFT backwards through the To three forwards, To three backwards, To to the of the and LEFT The Reply? appears the of the If the to reply, the displayed Reply Reply?, this. Reply? Replying to reading the to to the If to this: Press YES the the To YES and as Composing and New If to reply: Press NO reading the to to the Press NO. The appears. To the from the memory, YES. The appears the Press to the the cover. You CLR anywhere within the that to appears, YES On If the memory the text Not appears. this to or the SIM memory. You the SIM the section incoming temporarily the memory the memory other such as that to This the SIM memory. reading the and the appears: Press NO The appears. To the the SIM memory, YES The from the memory to the SIM memory. The shows the of the the third of that the
Reading From the with the the New Old To composed, Press YES the as Reading MAIL If there front of the this that the SIM Calling To phone found Press YES the called, the and the memory. Used If or them the SIM to whenever Used To when the memory becomes should them the SIM memory. To this: Press to the the cover. SEND MESSAGE From the The memory appear. to the to the SIM memory, the and YES Press YES appears Press NO appears. Press YES The from the phone memory to the SIM memory. From the New appears. to the to the and YES wish. the ready to YES reply? appears. If the to to the YES If NO the phone or from the To the LEFT To the YES
Communicating the of the WORLD the in-built (which PC Card With this, to phone or- to and and the and With the WORLD choose to to (IR) or that to to services software, or WORLD with CD and of both containing and the Office software, other things. that the CD items. The Office and the chapter The Office information. You the Microsoft IrDA the CE and there things that to of: Firstly, to puters already this the please information. Press to the the cover. in-built to charge (ESD). The and to of Should to and/or The SETTINGS (On) Secondly, to the Microsoft IrDA and the WORLD These found the CD and/or the that with instructions found the section I- the below. to to the services phone that and This to about whether incoming or If and please of the features this chapter that the turned To turn them the to The or off) shown the of the Press YES to the (that from off to or Then YES to the
the that the IR activated. To the IR the to IR and YES (If the IR already the Deactivate IR instead. this CLR to to the seconds the IR activated appears the The phone then to phone than from (or H/PC) and that the (within MENU IR MENU Deactivate IR The this from PC. If information the than this that PC or that the below as to that properly of the The the apply to the sections with titles this Press to the the cover. Installed? NO YES Which Communication OK? YES You ready to Uninstall Trouble Shooting CD) NO
the to the Microsoft To this, and to the of the existing the following: the Select the the of the the the Install/Unin- If to the to tion to the of the If to this to Uninstall Support to the of the to Support to the of the Uninstall the Select the Press to the the cover. Select the Microsoft Click the Click OK. to to the of the the CD CD or the containing the the If using or CD automatically, the or using CD other Click OK. the appears the the Follow the instructions the the appears, the or and Next. the of the appears the the COM and Next. the third and appears the the clicking OK. the to the where the installations.
the CD CD or the the the with the to PC. below. (The the the the Select the and that the checked. the COM2 or COM3. To that the the The One should displayed. the and appear. Click Next. the appears the and containing the A: using or D: another the CD. Click OK. Press to the the cover. To that the successfully, to and WORLD should appear the the CE that Microsoft H/PC or CE Services that H/PC and PC established. the CD CD or the containing the the from CD: the appears the the CE button. from Select the Click and the CE the CE The cally H/PC. H/PC. (Usually this the If from the CD, to the the installation, where the Office
To the IR The IR of the WORLD allows to to without using This option that IR and that the operating the IrDA To IR cation: On the double-clicking the the the phone than from the and the IR (within PC establish with This indicated the the ready to tion and disestablishing PC and WORLD, that PC. To the RS232 the RS232 which as accessory, the to to Press to the the cover. and that selected the WORLD WORLD together with To of the IrDA the RS232 the to the below. the the found the the COM to Software-Initiated and and normally initiated from within the software. the following: to the using the IR or the RS232 the software and follow the that the software. or the shows the type, that or
and The and and If and this to as This that to three If types, this to as and If and the WORLD the type of There from The shows the type of the To or to the the from within the software automatically). Press to the the cover. The The shown the of the the ERICSSON FAX and If and the phone the type of This that the to to or the following to type of the to Next type (the turned and YES Select the type of to If the as If FAX, the as If the as the to the instructions
The Office The Office and Once the allows to the and telephone that It allows to write and SMS The The allows to other and as as the of the It consists of and instructions to the please the ciated with the The The to and SMS instructions to the please the associated with the the Office the installation, the to the instructions the chapter Communicating the phone to the the IR or the RS232 to the the Con- Press to the the cover. from the Select Add/Remove and the the first Follow the instructions the If other than the WORLD selected, the Office to If this the to to the WORLD To this: Click Select the WORLD from the You to the Office To the Office its the from CD when the CD Click Office Follow the instructions the Select the WORLD from the it already selected. You to the Office To the Office its the
Uninstalling the Office the Click Select Office from the of Click Follow the instructions the Press to the the cover.
the normally selects its If this within when abroad, another that allows to This roaming The includes of which to the searches You from those within Search Search The search that when searches the first. If this the search another within The search normally the when to the search the following: to the the tion and YES to Searchmode. If the of the phone to search If YES to and YES The to search To to CLR NETWORKS Searchmode Press to the the cover. The of which the phone selects of SIM which Selecting Network NETWORKS Select Together with the the following information the If the within and when network selection, the of the with the Search The search that when searches the If this the Select pears. To the search the following: From the Networks Searchmode and YES to and YES To to CLR To below. From the choose Select The Please displayed If there than within the to to the other the to displayed, YES to
If another and the of the with the Home. Instead of the of country and when the To the of If the within the of another with the Preferred, or that the currently used. Preferred that the of the included of SIM that the of the network included of SIM and that allowed to You however, that there within which the or SIM If there within the displayed. To Network Search search From the Networks New search. NETWORKS The phone searching to the of SIM New Search The of the SIM If such within when the phone searches search Press to the the cover. of NETWORKS To EDIT LIST A1 If and to that allows to the this though the displayed. You that which selection, when within The of that the SIM The function the the from rearranging the of the to the and from the of From the The of the first displayed. You through the other the the Network to the From the to the first free the and YES The appears. If to that already YES and then with the appears. Press YES and with the the
If the appear, YES when the Other? appears. Then the three-digit country and the Finally, to the to the YES Network from the From the to the to and YES appears. To the from the YES EDIT LIST A1 the From the to the to and YES displayed. Press YES and the within the EDIT LIST A1 Press to the the cover.
Security The Card SIM protected lock. SIM PIN Identity Every the to PIN and then YES this off below). If PIN incorrectly three the SIM This indicated the Card Unblock?. If this If SIM Card Blocked below. If PIN with the as the the Americas they appear the when PIN. To PIN From the Access PIN PIN and YES PIN and YES At the PIN, PIN and YES The New PIN confirms that the PIN If the appears, this the PIN incorrectly. If the PIN appears, PIN, PIN incorrectly. Press to the the cover. This function SIM allows to the lock. To PIN2 the services that PIN, the PIN2. Select PIN2 from the Access Follow the as To PIN To the SIM Card Select from the Access Press YES PIN and YES The confirms that the activated. To Unlock the SIM Card Select Unlock from the Access Press YES PIN and YES The Unlocked confirms that the deactivated. If SIM Card To the SIM the PIN (or PIN2) three Press YES PUK (or PUK2) (which the information from
four- to PIN (or PIN2). Press YES the PIN (or PIN2) to Press YES Warning! If the PUK permanently If this to The The protects the authorized the of theft. It activated when the You should, however, as as You should the security to three- to There of locking the If the activated, the locked each the The the You then to security and YES to to the If the activated, the locked and the appear SIM the the security correctly, the phone with SIM You to the security the SIM or SIM To the Security From the Access and follow the To PIN. Press to the the cover. Barring/Restrict This service or To the From the Access The Autolock or Unlocked shown Select the the security and YES displayed together with the The service of the allows to of outgoing and incoming This the of The following outgoing outgoing international outgoing international to country, incoming when (when To that which with to or To the Barring From the Access The first option outgoing To choose another option, the tion to the option using the tion and YES
You three which which the of which the Confirm selection YES and YES There the the the Please displayed. This which informs whether the activated or If incoming Incoming options. options. To From the Access to the and YES The Please appears, that confirms that To the Barring The the Barring service with You easily the as often as From the Access to the option, using the the and YES the and YES the and YES The Please appears, that confirms that the Press to the the cover. The to the international the Americas when the locked. If the phone it off The the phone to vehicle The to which phone You choose and the of the informs that the locked. The incoming the battery, the To the Manually to the the tion Press YES To Unlock the Press LEFT followed YES The Keylock that seconds, the locked. To the From the Keylock. Choose using the To selection, YES
of restricting outgoing It SIM that allows to The protected the PIN2. The function allows to to the SIM If to other numbers, the permitted appears the It to numbers, or the first to numbers. allows to to from to with the international and country allowing to from abroad. including allows to to with from to To The function to the international the Americas and the Service of Network services such as and Barring used. The that SIM To From the Access the PIN2 and YES to On, using the and YES Press to the the cover. To From the Access the PIN2 and YES to the and YES To From the numbers. to the and YES the PIN2 and YES the (optional) and the the as when ordinary To From the numbers. to the and YES the PIN2, the the or the the as with ordinary phone
Incoming If to that incoming of when to them, the service to them to another The service already the that within specified phone turned off or incoming You of the The option that incoming to specified If choose to arrow shown the If the other They however, when the Activating From the to the option, using the The options On reply and Unreachable, to the option and YES To YES Press to the the cover. If the option earlier and then the to which the Press CLR to this and when the On the to which to diverted, including the and then YES There the the the Please displayed. This the On or reply ON, which option choose. The selected displayed. The informs of activated each the phone If the and respectively or three together. To as the and numbers, there alternatives:
the To the of From the to the the and YES to the option. To the YES The Please appears, the and Active the activated, or Active it activated. To the of From the The Please appears, infor- mation about whether they activated or To From the to the using the and YES to To the YES The Please appears which informs that the Press to the the cover. To From the The Please appears, which informs that
More than One WORLD allows to than This that that while or and then switch the Conference the of this chapter. The Waiting Service To the Waiting Service To to the service. From the Access to the To the service, YES There the the the Please displayed. This the Waiting ON. To the Waiting Service From the Access to using the To YES With the option, whether the service activated or Press to the the cover. If On activated, the to the specified. If the function activated, hear tone the when and the appear the To and Press NO to the The appears. To the YES To and Waiting To the and to the YES The appears. To Waiting To the and the YES The cleared. If the the hear To Switch To switch the active and the YES
To the To the NO The appears and sounds. Press NO to the or YES to to the If YES or NO within three seconds, the from the The automatically. You the and the followed YES Third function activated, third when and You hear tone the and the appears the To the If to the third of the existing To the and the Press followed YES The become active and the to the Press YES The third rejected. the this function, the hear If On activated, the to the specified. Press to the the cover. To Connecting Conference While the first clear the pressing CLR To the YES The displayed. the to or from the and YES If active and it to the Press YES The connected to each other, and disconnected from both This service to whether The Conference service allows to with to You or of while other people to the You while to privately. The Conference service to whether
To initiate Conference the first to include the this YES the to include the Press YES, to include the the You the and then third repeating to It to to this the the to as the as To Conversation If to with of the the other To this: Press Press the of the to with. to to three, Press YES To the to the Press and then YES To Release of the Conference Press Press the of the to release. to release three, To release the YES Press to the the cover. while Conference It to while To this: To the YES the to and YES To switch the and the Press YES To the and to the Press then YES chapter More than One To Conference To the NO
Calling using the or vehicle the phone without to to The WORLD allows to the the handsfree-related that they Selecting The includes tions: and The function: If the phone with and this function turned incoming pressing the NO The function: If choose the incoming the phone with To From the the To the of the function chosen, YES To YES Press to the the cover. Other Handsfree-Related The active temporarily and holding the while opening/closing the from the the following when Ear Light of these specified when WORLD connected to and when the as This that of these when the connected to the when affected and To the phone to the the to the instructions the chapter
The WORLD than other It both and life. such, certainly to the phone to You the sound or the other things. This chapter the information to that of The includes of which to own that of the connected to phone or the From the Ear the or the the of the phone to the reach the YES the the of the phone to the You when the phone as and when with This that the when the connected to the Press to the the cover. If SIM allows and/or when the affected and To the It to to To this: From the the phone (The Press YES To displayed, from SIM If yourself. From the the Press YES the Text text appears the of the that write yourself. allow the text to To From the to New using the Press YES
Write the information to chapter The To YES The function the off. the the activated, hear once while the To the From the Choose On and the To selection, YES To the Light The light to turned off or the light turned off seconds the pressed. It turned when or when or received. To the light: From the Light. to the light the and YES You when the as and another when the with from the vehicle the light to Press to the the cover. The sound the the sound. If the turned chapter Communicating the the type (the shows the and respectively. If the service service), the To Select Sound You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when the From the sound. to the sound, the and YES the You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when text (SMS). From the to the sound to hear when the To selection, YES the You choose type from of sounds and You below) with the To choose of the types: From the type with the the that If to other the the of the to silently. reach the type, YES
Composing From the Clear the CLR the to The as Press and to Press to increase the To to YES If to YES If NO and editing. The The allows to the when the when the connected to when the phone to To the If necessary, the to the to the the tion and YES Press to the the cover. the to the silently. and the to the Pressing RIGHT increases the Pressing LEFT the The once with the as the the and To the YES The Clock the and It the function. The shown continuously the of the when the phone The Clock To the From the Clock Clock Select the clock using the gation Press YES To the clock: From the Clock clock. the hours and Press YES If the 12-hour the Clock function, and The It to the the of the when the phone
To the From the Clock to the the To YES. To the From the Clock the year Press YES the month and the To YES. Press to the the cover.
Other of that life. You and from of them, easily and conveniently, with icsson WORLD, which and to the that of services. This chapter through these features. Please that of them information which services to. The Service The service of allows to when or to This service and The function easy to service to to recorded You the function using Activating the To the to the service: From the to New using the and YES the and YES To the function: From the Press to the the cover. Check? ERICSSON You and holding the to On, the and YES the of service. To the function, YES To the of the service: From the to New using the and YES the and YES To the Service this indicated the the text Check?. You YES If NO the service to to recorded To this: From the and YES The Follow the instructions to service. Whenever shown the of the Further information about the of the service found the operating instructions
To Turn the From the and YES The the the shows the of using the info function the the both incoming and outgoing. You the or the of selecting the Cost option, and SIM this Information To what information to played the Info From the info. Choose from and Cost. Confirm selection YES To or of the You the of the (or outgoing) with the option the Info From to the Info the Press YES the the info tion the the gation to The of the outgoing The of the incoming chosen the Press to the the cover. If choose the option PIN2 to the option the info function the To or From the Info Tot Press YES the the info function the The of outgoing The of incoming and outgoing The (or the of of and outgoing To the Time/Cost From the Info Tot Press YES The appears. To the YES. To the This function only appears selected the Cost option the info function the From the Info The Units option that the of displayed and the and Tot The function and the The SIM To the Unit From the info.
to Cost, the and YES To to CLR. From the Info Units and YES New appears. Press YES the the currency, GBP and YES the and YES To the PIN2. (The PIN2 appear To to Units From the Info To the Units option, YES To to YES To Credit both and SIM this amount of money that This when to and their to amount the deducted from this amount. the amount reaches From the Info Credit. To New credit, YES the amount: pounds. Press YES PIN2. Press YES Press to the the cover. The Service MENU to LINE of the and the to the Clear the first, the CLR If that first the the other with numbers, and assigned to This to business and The to and text (SMS), The service Service, ALS) and Selecting The currently selected indicated the with the L and selected, L2 the To to the that currently selected: to the to To to the the YES From outgoing the selected You however, both or the or which selected.
Each You each the tone of the and function. The the Info the the currently selected. the of the WORLD allows to the of the You might, to and Work. To the of From the and YES the characters), the and YES To the of instead. Calling Card or Credit Card international or to charge these account. If or to redirect the charges to of those accounts instead. WORLD this as easy as You These protected four- to security that choose yourself. The to to Calling to this function. Press to the the cover. Activating the Calling Card From the Access security and YES security and YES The to cards, the and YES to On, using the and YES The function activated and the numbers the To Security From the Access security and YES and YES The to using the and YES and YES The of four to Confirm when appears the and YES security or Calling Card WORLD allows to the This the function activated the Access To From the numbers and YES
security and YES The To security Select (Card or Card the and YES the (the phone to the The the as the ordinary Press the the to To the YES Since the the yourself. the or when the flashes. whether to or the to Selecting the Card You To If numbers, which to Calling/Credit From the numbers. security and YES The to the to using the and YES the appear. To the YES If this selection to repeated to Calling/Credit Press to the the cover. Information This Credit or Calling Card the to or from the To the as Credit/Calling Card and YES The to the and the phase, prompted to the (the or the to and the the chosen To the and the the phase, YES when the shows or seconds and WORLD them automatically. The ordinary Short Service as service with specifically and directed to The Information (AI) another type of text which to scribers of the the information or To Turn On Information From the info. Press YES to On, the and YES You information
To Turn Information From the info. Press YES to the and YES Information Each type of Information three-digit At the following AI Flashes Doctors reports reports Weather District identity) Network information services Directory Directory (international) Customer Customer (international) information about the AI services please to the information Information You which of information to The Info to Press to the the cover. To Information From the info. Press YES to the and YES The to the the the You and backwards through the with the To to the first location, the Press YES the (You to the phone the leading automatically.) To or From the info. Press YES to the and YES to the to and YES The appears. If to this YES If to the the RIGHT once, followed YES Then the and YES To Information information, the the phone memory. Please that the phone This that the previously Provided info turned the with the function the From the
from to another using the To YES The The phone function. activated, the of shown to the the The the the phone turned off. The of the and the flash. The of the the of the The seconds and repeated every off. the function turned off. To the From the Clock to the New option, using the tion Press YES the hours and Press YES If choose the 12-hour the Clock function and and To the off: Press to the off when sounds. If the to repeated, YES To the function off: From the Clock to the Press YES Press to the the cover. The The built-in and multiply. of to the this to to the and YES with the to the and YES with the to the and YES to the You to the To clear the CLR To Press To multiply: Press
and and receiver. the turned and (RF) the type of phone bought, operates and commonly The that when the which to The International tion Protection (ICNIRP), sponsored the World Health (WHO), published which to RF from hand- According to this which based the of research, there that terminals the health effects. telephones to the ICNIRP and international such CENELEC ENV50166-2 ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, If to RF further, choose to the of and phone the Press to the the cover. and to performance with the as other While directly the mouthpiece, the and shoul- If the should the when the phone the affects the phone to higher than and and the and this reduce its performance. the with phone to service the other type of telephone than the bought. Unauthorized or the and the the and regulations the of the where
If to phone while to hands-free operation, off the and or RF vehicle the of their with vehicle to the of vehicle. Devices and shielded from RF RF from telephones Turn off health when regulations the to without telephones the of people with hearing and other medically should that the of phone to the to malfunction. the phone the breast the ear the If of the phone and the the of interference information. Press to the the cover. Aircraft Children Turn off aircraft. the ground without To interference with while the the AC supply) to as the To reduce of to the cord, from the outlet the AC rather than the cord. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. To reduce of shock, the from cleaning, then cloth. allow children to with phone they themselves or others or the Turn off when or off to with operations. Construction crews of- RF to off
Potentially Atmospheres Turn off phone when with tially atmosphere. It phone or its such or fire or death. with atmosphere of- clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and where the chemicals or such as or or or the of vehicle which and Product to or other than to of formance, fire, or injury, and the warranty. to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized Service Press to the the cover.
Warranty Conditions If warranty service should the to the from whom purchased. If warranty service when abroad, the those countries tional Warranty the of difficulty, of authorized from warranty warrants this as free of and workmanship the of purchase and of months immediately thereafter. What If, the of the warranty, this and service to or workmanship willrepair or its the the tions stated below. authorised or authorised service the countries International Warranty or this with the terms and these of the ranty. products countries and this Press to the the cover. Conditions The warranty only the warranty issued to the purchaser the presented, and the warranty the of the purchased and the of purchase of the the right to warranty service this information or the purchase of the The only as of chase when to the from whom the purchased. The warranty other than and The warranty cover the lowing: and of to wear and tear, of or of software to to the from: or including to to the its or with Ericssons tions and of the or the or of the with the technical or force. Repairs non-authorised service workshops, or of the authorised
acts of or the of including to fire, and This or workmanship to or to to or technical or force country other than that which the originally and factured. This warranty such or or to whether properly or from them, or to the from its as the without the written of Ericsson. or the terms of this warranty right to or of, the of warranty. or the terms of this warranty with functionally or become the property of Ericsson. This warranty the purchasers rights force, the purchasers rights the from the chase the of legislation this warranty the purchasers and Ericsson, its and or breach of or warranty relating to this Press to the the cover.