OMNIPOINT CUSTOMER CARE: 1-888-OMNI-611 Services P.O. Lehigh PA To information about please Customer 1-888-OMNI-611 (or from To the or to reach please 1-800-BUY-OMNI Services. rights Printed the USA. of Corporation. of Inc. CH388 CF388 Printed
with the following items: (the reading Started Rechargeable battery. CH/CF reference to Who activation satisfaction survey. Word About This to the that with this easy-to-understand information and as as features of service. owners operating instructions and information of the with WHATS IN YOUR OMNIPOINT KIT
TABLE OF CONTENTS SAY HELLO TO OMNIPOINT the first wireless service the New York That through easily. sound the than the of hand. It and and and easy to with. services included as of monthly service There Were service, to to and comprehensively. Customer anytime, or from 1-888-OMNI-611 from Were to and the from service and every to Customer free. Started........................................................................... The Calling Information Functions Clock Charging Battery.................................................................17 SIM Card..............................................................................20 More Word About Short Short ID Waiting/Call From Other Advanced Services.............................................................53 Facts, Tips, Monthly Troubleshooting...........................................................................57 Assistance........................................................................59 Accessories.....................................................................64 Notes
LETS GET STARTED You following these to Charge Battery. the the of the the the Charger 120V AC Turn the and holding the The when the the right-hand of the shows information charging and information, The Who Brochure. of the and that service attractive the right choice both and business Choose which ready to account. You this of three If to the activation which the and to to the the activation the You service Turn On charging battery, should this to the battery). turned off, the the lights Customer then to the facts and NAME, ADDRESS, HOME PHONE, and SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER. PREFERRED PAYMENT OPTION. You credit or There to choose the thats to Its that easy. Once service activated, text to to know that ready to and the other features to the
First activated account, of the first should to from to the Off-Peak to A123 then to and follow each recorded instruction to and to and Press when finished. ready to when cant with another or off or of the coverage information.) You the ID option to and to to to ready to The following the including to and and to through These the topics cover: and How to The information displayed to and information about the clock and to charge battery. and battery. SIM Card. This covers information operating and to the operation of including memory and to know information reference to information and features, the that this ALL THE BASICS
YOUR HANDSET might Its and and It both and and To this, that through the and The these type text and phone memory, and Power/Calling on/off, and to through and phone The that text numbers, operating and Battery Light. when and the coverage to Rechargeable Battery. easily the back of SIM Card from the back of The to SIM Card information SIM Card.) the cover CF or functionality. It when
YOUR KEYPAD to the found that of the basics: Press to Also: Press to Press to and incoming Press to switch from active to Press to function and selection. Press to to recently VOICE MAIL Press to CF only). Press to terminate Press to back to to turn phone Press and and the or off. information from Functions as backspace when to or once to the character. Press and to clear the Press and to from While and to microphone; to microphone. CD The Left/Right arrow through and Press to the and from to function to function within or to within function. (To the function or Press and to character when touch-tone DTMF such as service or to the Press to through Press to from to the and other to or the
and to and the to or function command. Then to the with and touch-tone commands. Press to security Also, when the Press to memory Press to the memory location character the location Keylock. Theres easy to to to the when the locked.) To the C and reach KEYLOCK ON? Press to On the KEY shown to that the locked. To the C and reach KEYLOCK OFF? Press to when turn off, or the battery. The and and memory functions to things. what the The of the currently where The the of the the the as OMNIPOINT the should enough to Battery Battery shown the right of the charge. The with empty (clear) the recharged. that the locked. that the clock active. Arrow Icon. that incoming to another Ring/Off that the incoming turned off. YOUR DISPLAY
Envelope Indicates that text or text that This flashes when text CF the that shows this A123 to from commands, and text as displays the as them, and the the or 24-hour displays the when the L1/L2. Indicates the currently active optional service that displayed to of To the or right CD and (or repeatedly the Then to the to each ready the and to to and and when switched SIM Card and located the coverage or To follow these If off, and hear click. The light seconds, OMNIPOINT displayed. the as would from If the as the the appear If while once to the or and to the Press to While the of the To PLACING RECEIVING CALLS If to another the and the international the country and the including
To Press when finished. To or the CD Press the and to microphone. The MUTE shown To microphone, the You easily the scratchpad. If the to the using The You The memory of numbers, them memory as numbers; You and the coverage The of this service expanding Please Customer information where roaming currently Emergency You as as the coverage other outgoing restricted. to the without SIM Card. To If turned and hear and the lights the Press to Press to the back necessary. the to SIM Card information
CALLING INFORMATION FUNCTIONS On information about the Several information functions the Information You the the attached to the of and the of the To the Information the CD INFO appears Press to select. Press the CD to the following of information: BATTERY shows the of the attached to LAST CALL shows the of incoming or outgoing and seconds. TOT CALLS shows the of outgoing hours, and seconds. information including the as and clock, including function. To as Press the CD CALCULATOR appears Press You the to subtraction, and to To or the and Press the CD CLOCK appears Press the CD reach the function to You the following: SET ALARM to and SET CLOCK the clock and SET DATE the month, and CLOCK MODE or 24-hour information to and CALCULATOR CLOCK FUNCTIONS
CHARGING YOUR BATTERY The rechargeable that with about of or to hours of The first charge battery, charge the completely recharging To charge battery: the the of the the the Charger when the The when the shows recharging: hear warning The BATTERY LOW appear seconds the The Battery light the top of the red. If the as as and recharge battery. If or to The Battery light top of the to red. exhausted, the off. It the recharged. Notes On and of charging and other information. of rechargeable only chargers and other including high-capacity and that reduce charging
REMOVING REPLACING BATTERIES to easy to to or SIM Card. To battery: the off the and holding hear click. the slightly from the of the the from the To battery: the top the back top of the the the the theres ingenious and the SIM (Subscriber Identity Card. SIM Card what It that information, including and the information to SIM Cards of reach of The SIM Card the the back of beneath the rechargeable battery. If SIM Card from or improperly, the Card The function when the SIM Card to SIM Card. SIM Card to another or to to with their switch off the and holding hear click. Release the SIM Card the top of the the SIM Card the SIM Card of its YOUR SIM CARD
To SIM Card, the The SIM Card the SIM Card properly the with the of the SIM Card the top right. information, SIM Card or another charges account. If SIM Card Customer immediately 1-888-OMNI-611. as the or theft reported, SIM Card to unauthorized of account. Customer charges incurred and/or SIM Card. than Its The technology. Thats clear reception and advanced features and phone service. The section of of features. (This the that with ordinary ID, Waiting/Call and and of and memory. from Thats subscriber, services other wireless phone cant or offer as because advanced, offer Information Services, and information, or Customer from or 1-888-OMNI-611 MORE THAN PHONE
WORD ABOUT MESSAGES about of the of service service: with and text That within reach because family, and co-workers to to another off, or of the coverage turned or to coverage Both and to This introduction easy and to and text Three Text to whats Short Service, or SMS. services to this With service, there three of text might Notifications which to when which or call-back or Short which or from and to characters of what Notifies tone sound to that and the NEW MESSAGE and the READ NOW? You Can It Immediately. Press the and displayed. further instructions, Reading below.) You Can It Press (or and The ENVELOPE to that the CD to to the Press the CD to to READ MESSAGES. Press the CD to
Reading first the header headers the following information: SENT that previously NEW the and the OLD that already read. OLD: OWN OR EDITED that the created or of characters of the The to three of To reading: To and the three of the To through the the right To through the the C To to the or of the and the or right CD At the of the the ERASE? appear Press to the If the TEXT REPLY? appear Press to back. the this option the from the or to information You the memory. the STORE? To the You within to the ERASE? appear To Text Capacity. that memory or SIM Card memory. Memory to should as as them If memory the ENVELOPE to and to once to to or SIM Card memory.)
USING YOUR ANSWERING MACHINE and easy to from as easy as and that to Its to with information such as call-back numbers. To Customer to account, of the first should to to Off-Peak If heres A123 Press to of recorded instructions to (You and instructions.) follow the instructions to to unauthorized to Choose thats easy to It least four and than to Customer and and chosen to to recorded as of If follow the instructions to to reach should their options. this or Please the to and the call-back where reach as as Thank finished to That You text to instructions reading Each to the of received. While the appears to immediately (This CF this the information this function,
To reach to While to playback using the To back and the To replay the To seconds, then To and the To to the of the To hear the when the recorded, To the played, If automatically. To the played, To A3 and the to To the and to the while with three To You If from A123 and prompted, PASSWORD If first Each If from another or roaming the coverage to reach the and the first of phone MAIL 1-201-757-MAIL prompted, the to MAILBOX (This phone including hear PASSWORD using the and as
Capacity. Each to length. to New to that as as the accompanying that the to If hear that Mailbox however, to Function Chart. The flow-chart the commands while There commands Press to the command. Press AA to to the The of Normal allowing to to without That free other things, such as To Autoplay while to the and choose option the While the To or Information. to the and of The each You While While the To or the incoming You while connected to option the the while the To To
To If with recorded used. or You or recorded while connected to the the To the recorded, To To To To service to to of the turned off, or You information or restoring Advanced Services. Subscribers to and Advanced capacity, of services. These include and forwarding and operator-assisted of advanced services,
GETTING NUMERIC PAGING MESSAGES as to cant to directly to turned off or of the coverage call-back or other Applicable charges apply. To the option of rather than leaving instruction such To and the where reach know when tone sound to that and the NEW MESSAGE and the READ NOW? Press and the first three of displayed. and The ENVELOPE to that If call-back that immediately: Press the information reading, or A Word About Text another business associates, family, and with when of the office or from home. when the to what when tone sound to that and the NEW MESSAGE and the READ NOW? Press and the first three of displayed. and The ENVELOPE to that instructions reading, and A Word About Short From The with to to characters to including and the the and the GETTING SHORT E-MAIL MESSAGES
from the with the the the If to without phone and text from You another or with to write the CD to to the MAIL Press the CD to to SEND MESSAGES. Press NEW appears the to to characters the to below.) than the displayed. to type A, the once; to type B, the lower-case the information, If the appear the appears to the right of then the SENDING SHORT E-MAIL MESSAGES
To the once. the to and characters, including and others. the to characters, including and others. If to backspace and ready to to to Press REQUEST REPLY the Press this this the SEND MESSAGES appears the the phone that to to or the C to through the phone of the should to. to include the the to as the Press MESSAGE SENT appear Short To The To to the the of the the to, and the text of type this writing to to the using the to the (Press the to the Press Then the to The including characters. REQUEST REPLY the Press this this the SEND MESSAGES appears as the which through
USING CALLER ID ID service whos You that to and phone the displayed the when to the of the whos whether to the the telephone displayed: whether to the If If to the to service to to ID While other telephone offer ID, to state-of-the-art features that farther. These Enhanced Screening. of forwarding to to to of choice. You or of three On Reply, and Unreachable. out-of-reach, to business information ID the that and the memory of or SIM Card. Waiting/Call If while already hear Waiting tone and the telephone or of the whos the memory). This information whether or to and the Memory. ID, memory telephone that answered or these easily instructions.) Distinctive ID, allow to distinctive telephone memory. instructions.) ID. otherwise, telephone to or land-line phone with ID when outgoing from that phone other ID or call-by-call To outgoing ID Press A67 the calling.
telephone with this The telephone the with A67 To outgoing ID the Customer from (or 1-888-OMNI-611 from telephone with from activated Customer ID to To outgoing ID Press A82 the calling. telephone with this The telephone the with A82 To ID. to telephone ID every If ID from from their their appear to ID service roaming of ID and ID features
USING CALL WAITING/CALL HOLD Waiting/Call service to Waiting/Call while already the While to outgoing to and both active or the other You third incoming terminating of the active Its easy to and people. to while The CALL WAIT appear the If to the This and If to The to While to outgoing the to while the Press This and You switch back and forth Press to and the other. Pressing switches back and forth. To Press To active while the Press The RETRIEVE HELD CALL appear Press within three seconds. To the RETRIEVE HELD CALL appears or within three seconds, RETRIEVE HELD CALL from and both To You the Waiting of the CD to to the ACCESS Press the CD to to the CALL WAITING function. Press the CD to to the CANCEL Press when Waiting/Call apply to
USING CALL FORWARDING cant the phone or to interrupted, the incoming to another If or turned off or of the coverage to to automatically. You to to include and the when specifying to On (when Reply (when Unreachable (when off or of coverage You to to to notifications, and incoming to the CD to to the FORWARD then The first function displayed the ALL CALLS. Press the CD to to the Press the ENTER NO. and the first of MAIL This to 1-201-757-MAIL Press The PLEASE WAIT appear seconds, FORWARD ON appear when CD appears the of FORWARD ALL CALLS.) To While the FORWARD the CD to CANCEL ALL. Press The PLEASE WAIT appear seconds, that canceled. information,
YOUR PERSONAL PHONE BOOK enough to the to and the of and numbers the memory of both and SIM Card. SIM Card allows to memory SIM Card with The SIM Card memory to and numbers, and the memory to and capacity of to and numbers. to to characters. To and the CD to to the PHONE BOOK Press the CD to to the STORE function. Press the NAME displayed, with the of the first free memory the to Since than the displayed. lower-case the If the appear the appears to the right of then the To the once. the correctly displayed, The ENTER NO. appear the that including from the correctly displayed, The and the memory shown the right of To the the PHONE BOOK the CD to to the NAME RECALL function. The NAME appear. the Press The displayed. To that To the If
SPEED-DIALING FROM YOUR PHONE BOOK to You the first memory as of to If anything other than the shown to clear If know the memory the Press to write reference the back of this If know the memory through memory the CD to the PHONE BOOK Press the CD to the POSITION RECALL function. Press the CD to or back through memory memory the called. To and these numbers: the CD to the PHONE BOOK Press the CD to the LAST CALL function. The displayed. To this To another the CD to or through memory the through memory information.) The You Called. You the Press to clear Press The CALL? appear the called. Press through, the RETRY? appear Press and to
OTHER ADVANCED SERVICES There advanced to subscribers who the and Advanced Information Services. well-informed while the the choose, New York weather forecasts, numbers, business or Operator-Assisted text when cant to who directly to to the which choose, from these features. and to and to other customers. such features as Call-Back to the who re-routing of to or another and other services. You to about from received where they and the where the should re-routed hard-copy office of and protected You PC software and Applications this advanced from to surfing the Restriction. account. To account to allow of such as or only, or international or This service with company-supplied who within or family who wireless or to home. Conference productivity and Conference with people With voice-activated free to write or other functions while This of and to information these and other advanced options, Customer from (or OMNI-611 from
FACTS, TIPS, OPTIONS The section of covers information to know to the from service. On the following about: monthly to and of terms. On The to write of numbers. four numbers, which phone account SIM Card (the the SIM Card). IMEI (the found the the back of the battery). On monthly clear, information the activity account. charges and including of four to choose from. You credit from account. to things created that and every item typical with first YOUR MONTHLY STATEMENT
TROUBLESHOOTING services theyre than service. operates locations therefore should information.) of and troubleshooting If or the NO NETWORK If to If the KEYLOCK displayed: Press the C This If the light top of red: becoming exhausted and recharging or replacing. information.) If through: to the If The the other to the and You from coverage coverage the Customer consistently location when coverage to coverage If hear tone while tone that about of Short tones that and off. Another to Waiting/Call If or SIM Card or Dont Customer immediately 1-888-OMNI-611 SIM and unauthorized
GETTING ASSISTANCE Customer to hours 1-888-OMNI-611 If to to Customer to account. Customer with things: information pricing, and features. about monthly or Authorized Service battery, or Other and directory and the the to connected to that Applicable charges apply. directory another the and Press the the to connected to that Applicable charges apply. To charge to credit and or the and Other To To to 1-888-OCI-5171 To the the You write to OMNIPOINT Customer P.O. Lehigh PA
USING YOUR HANDSET SAFELY operates to information the following to operation. and Aircraft. areas. Potentially atmospheres. You should to become with this information of and craftsmanship and should treated with The below the warranty obligations and this years: to or bathtub, or heavy to such as or or the to such as the to such as candles, or that and that the AC only to as the To reduce the of to the cord, from the outlet holding the AC rather than the cord. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. To reduce of shock, the from the to clean. cloth with cleaning.
the of or where operations DANGER: the AC or If it outlet of shock. to the There serviceable of the and warranty. and its and of the reach of PCS telephone vehicle vehicle To from of high-quality High-Capacity Battery to of approximately hours. Battery to of hours. Battery to of approximately hours. recharge from about hours Leather Carrying With Protects and allows to the Leather Carrying protection while Leather carrying and chargers with information and other HANDSET ACCESSORIES
GLOSSARY OF TERMS of the features and this information, the reference each function allows to as service. ID know whos whether to to specify. Waiting/Call and allows to as Service function as and the memory where and phone with location Short to the text that and with SIM Card the information to and to with account. Its memory and to or other shown this to write numbers. write the four that to account. these when Customer Account SIM Card IMEI (the found the the back of the battery) REFERENCE NOTES NUMBERS