PRO AM
Inc. Thursday, July PM
Not Inc. Thursday, July PM PBM This published Inc., without warranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated to editions of this Publication AE/LZT R2 Ericsson Inc., rights Printed USA
Not Inc. While On Emergency International Battery Security Calling with TDMA Summary of Operations Product and Battery Information FDA Consumer Thursday, July PM Exiting Accessing of Attaching or Swivel to Battery Attaching and Removing Charging Battery Charger to Charge Battery of Light Functions Function Turning On and
Inc. Recalling or Text Service Service Access to Text and Thursday, July PM Memory Sounds Cards Displayed and Explanations and If You
Not Inc. Those based and of the and physicians from health and industry the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). the turned and (RF) the type of The that when and receiver. bought, operates and commonly using the which and Thursday, July PM The of phone with the FCC (and those tional Radiation Protection. American National National Coun- Radiation Protection and the phone and Unauthorized or the or FCC and receiver. ON, and (RF) wireless telephone to accessory. of unauthorized only the or FCC regulations and should wireless Those with the previously the (FCC) adopted RF with both US and international NCRP ANSI C95.1 ICNIRP and
Not Inc. and the traffic; when or traffic. or while or wireless phone within easy reach. TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: phone to efficiently: NORMAL POSITION: the as would other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. (where Thursday, July PM shielded from RF However, shielded RF from wireless wireless phone to others or emotional tions that distracting. or wireless when necessary. wireless phone to and the phone to the when the with the affects higher than otherwise the and regulations the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, using phone while please: to first responsibility. to interference with the The Health Industry Association that of inches These with the wireless and off the and or the following while to know wireless and its such as and operation, and
Not Inc. vehicle. You should the of that to shielded RF improperly or with the or its vehicle. Turn phone OFF facility where research and of Wire- Research. Should ALWAYS the than inches from their when the phone turned ON. Should the phone breast Thursday, July PM with phone OFF when or To with operations, Turn off and tions. FCC regulations using while the Switch OFF aircraft. Aircraft If reason to that interference phone OFF immediately. Should the ear the to the interference. hearing the of such interference, wireless with to service (or the tomer service to alternatives). Hearing such as stations; below with atmosphere often clearly They include instructions. such Turn OFF when with or fire or death. tially atmosphere and and Potentially Atmospheres If other the shielded from RF of to to this Other Devices information. Turn phone OFF health when regulations these to or health using that to RF and
Not Inc. that the the properly connected. to other than that or the where the chemicals or such or or where would normally to off (such as or as or and other vehicle the the or the including both or wireless inflates with force. DO NOT If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious with Thursday, July PM to the Doing should Authorized Service serviceable Service the warranty. This only. performance or and the to them of warranty. to to the following This interference, and including interference that This with of the FCC This interference received, tion. Product and They themselves or others, or the phone allow children to with the and/or the The withstand or connected. and of the and should that the to If to connected, the properly screwed and operation. Although the resis- that Please Ericssons and to and recommended that and
Not Inc. the the the phone the You should the following: You the following: Water allow to or to the products. the as other telephone, the mouthpiece, the should while While directly and shoulder. If the that and Thursday, July PM that the these You should that the and its the The when the or If phone dirty, the the battery. than to the or with the or or the of vehicle that and than inches to ear while the than inches HEARING DAMAGE the to ear when using WARNING The microphone and the of should directly the sound to and the sound of the If to clear the sound the sound to the to hear. the sound If or these phone and or Unclear or the phone location when and reduce the of the of to interference with vehicle vehicle the phone of inches from while or speakerphone and
Not Inc. the AC supply) and from the outlet holding the AC To reduce the of to the cord, rather than the cord. AC supply) only to as the If splashed the should to crystals from the protective to the the Thursday, July PM To reduce the of shock, the from clean- then cloth. DANGER the AC or If the the nection of shock. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. with that scratch, or or to service the with the and this reduce its performance. The with charged. capacity, charger to the battery. New Battery Information the when the the affects the phone to higher than and shortens and other type of than the bought. regulations and the warranty. thorized modifications, or the and the and
Not Inc. below (10C) or 105F charge when the (40C). the AC/DC with and phone warranty. mouth. Battery toxic allow the to the lowed. to to battery. the U.S., recycling of the service to the of rechargeable the Battery Corporation (RBRC), recycling of rechargeable batteries. the U.S., Recycling Battery instructions. Thursday, July PM other type of and the regulations and Unauthorized the the warranty and telephone other than the bought. the The when the the with battery. the battery. ory which the to to than battery. This the of should its capacity. If off to properly. battery, or that recharging or rechargeable service treated tery should charge the within hours the to reach capacity. Battery and the charger and ON the completely phone OFF. sound that completely Charge the charged. To battery, the following: Conditioning Battery Turn OFF the battery. the the another such as This short-circuit and the battery. to This the to to or This where reduce the batterys capacity. to and
Not Inc. research to these absolutely or that they the allow to that health associated with the of clear of the effects of this type of to the Completely the and three to, the conditioning The to based the type of and the and of Thursday, July PM These of of because RF the telephone house and which which connected to the of the RF and from the the of and to the head with from the The of which the located about the that built-in that the head. The to RF from of the the drastically than that from What of tioned. This information to unknown about whether these products to health, and what to The following what known and what to FDA about the of including and PCS FDA Consumer however, research The Briefly, there enough to know there that might (RF), what or through what of of heating (this RF might health as Although radiation) the microwave when the stand-by It known that high to cook food). known whether, to of RF through while used. They of the concern? and
Not Inc. noted that the of and when of of together. It should this than three years. roepithelliomatous It with causing increase with increased of the National Cancer expected and type of used, or the of the fact, the actually with hours of occurred the increase with often the phone rately, however, found to bear the and repeatability of these of of the that this of conflicting when they to RF to There about treated with cancer-causing chemicals, and other that already however, that of RF the of to to type of apply the obtained and to investigating the of RF whether obtained from apply to the of to existing conflicting and of the that to the to the RF continuously than as such from their research laboratory genetically Second, of the that showed increased to hours July PM phone RF These included It that the to Researchers conducted of laboratory which and the of lymphocytes. of the of abnormalities, including phone radiation, hours of showed to showed of the RF the to the effects of to tions, aberrations, DNA the The this phone industry research the of the years the United States, the This research that association phone and type of or hospital-based, researchers tic of the sheath). and acoustic statistically found There and
Not Inc. head where the used. this increased too to statistically they to the of the occurred of the to the about the of summary, enough information this FDA to with to the that there or including other and industry, to health associated with of that research to the known to to heating, heat to RF conflicting. already the the of the caused the to The ation this heating. Since this research necessary. FDA currently with to these industry-funded research expected to to FDA research tions Industry Association (CTIA) and oversight of CTIA- try, and to the research based such Collaboration with the Thursday, July PM the U.S. of about increasing of about month), about their to whether whether would people who fact, whether the of of of would expected each of What known about of that people who that this type of of the or people who than people each At that those whether or they reported users of hand-held with to other of reported recently the numbers, or or their when they to of people to This the memory, they to choices phone laboratory noted than There the to while they function tests. pared. locations, matched there increased of associated with of and and
Not Inc. phone with the of health. information what known about of the that responsibility At the FDA to interagency aspects of phone to coordinated the These that RF to the user that function; and research to industry, to The of the National Cancer as as the follow-up ate this type of information. people with with the of that to the of matched people without the of the One to This Thursday, July PM Occupational Health and Administration National Telecommunications and Information Administration National Occupational and Health Protection Agency products such as action shown to of the health and to or the FDA the of as with or that to the such FDA the of to the that the the agency authority to What concerning the of Those who the of information about that there factor If there from these products and this people about there they to what concerned The National of Health this group. Although the existing FDA The agency recommended that phone industry to of to actions this FDA the the industry: effects of RF of the type research and
Not Inc. World Health (WHO) International Radiation Protection As) United National tion and the of the RF, the off dramatically with they that their People who their switch to type of switch to: and the shorter of their holding or when other of Thursday, July PM U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) Devices and Health Telecommunications Industry tion (CTIA) Telephone and Brain Study of State of the California. headset with to phone the people concerned the outlined reduce about the from these products, the that nected to mounted the of the or built or with built-in which the located the vehicle, S, E, and Varey, A. of Preece, AW, G, Davies-Smith, A, K, tion Int. J. Tice of activity March Washington, D.C.; and of the genotoxicity and other laboratory unpublished (FCC) RF Information to RF from and PCS information, the following Where information? and
Not Inc. and Mild, KH. of telephones and the Int. J. L, A, Pahlson, A, Oncol., Thursday, July PM and
Inc. the It recommended that charge battery. The when there enough to with the the Attaching Battery and Battery Complete the following and its from the or to (optional). Thursday, July PM Started the the of the with the the of the the to as shown the following the the back of the the the charger with or swivel with the screw the or optional. Attaching or Swivel to the to Battery
Not Inc. should charge the to and You purchase charger with or to While charging with You from accessory Charging Battery the the of attaching to the Battery that the turned off the battery. the and from the Press the the top of the battery. Thursday, July PM the charger to that to firmly). the other of the to the to the The the that the attached to the Charge the surrounding C (50-104F). the charger to the AC to the fits to the back of the You to apply to and the battery. Started
Not Inc. You and The charger wish. To charge attached to to charge while the while the with the Charger Charger steady light the turned The top of the The the continuously and empty. the the the shows and the top of the shows steady light. The charging the when the The following Thursday, July PM the the the light- the of The the the charger with the the the the with the and the charger To the first the connected to the upwards and then the to or while the with the or increase the charging It to the while the Press the the the
Not Inc. The to charge (the connected to the the the the both as charger and the To the first the connected to the upwards and then Thursday, July PM the other of the the the the with the the to the upwards. The the the with the the to the To charge with the while the to the wish. You to charge and while The charger Charger Started
Not Inc. the other supplied, the type batteries, often as from other and the that This the with the cheaper The that with whenever without with Thursday, July PM to Charge Battery Battery! appears seconds the sounds and the or with the following To that the to or You should charge the repeated and, finally, the the to off when the the turned the to satisfactorily. It might to or with The light top of the red.
Not Inc. clockwise of the the from to (red). from to and to switching the phone and One Once the wireless appearance to the below. Learning About Thursday, July PM While the The The operates when the to the while the to or both While that achieved turning the clockwise the There The operates when the the with red. It operates Once the the Push-To-Talk (PTT) to initiate and Push-To-Talk Learning About
Not Inc. HEARING DAMAGE the than the phone than inches to ear when using inches to ear while WARNING and the PTT to the top to Thursday, July PM Text that that The the of that text memory The shown the that that The the of Service shows the of service the top Press the Push-To-Talk (PTT) to initiate the top to and and the PTT to operating or shows whether shows the relative from the More that the phone This displayed when selected.
Not Inc. Press to switch Press to the when Press and to or three-way features activated Press and to displayed Press to while Press and to On. while Press to service Press to as tones. Function or type. shown and or shown shows the operating of battery. battery. Battery shows the of Thursday, July PM Light Functions Press to temporarily the when Press to without Press and to On or Press to the Flashing that the Steady that the from such as The and of the light top of the following Flashing that the Flashing that the Flashing that the Learning About
Not Inc. Switch to to phone switches the from (indicated to Turn to increase or the high-level increases or the high-level Switch to One clockwise of the to (indicated red). Speakerphone Speakerphone Press to while Press to increase while selections when or Press to increase the while Press to the called, when Press to memory, when Press to through and Press and to through to through numbers. Press to through or Thursday, July PM phone and the Press and the to the (releasing the the and the microphone). release the and and the the and Press to to the microphone. (Push-To- selections when or Press and to through Press to the while Press to through and to through numbers. Press to through Press to or Press to the from the Press and to clear or from the Press and to memory and phone and to Press and to the Press to while text
Not Inc. Press and active to service calling. Press and to to or Press to the to the Thursday, July PM This the distinguishing features of the this phone numbers, and numbers, PRO of 2KB Text Memory Memory ID Learning About
Not Inc. to the the shown Press shown the while the of the as shown this Press to Press and to should to this then the Scanning... appears To and or The and backlight- appears the first of the If there the service about seconds. The the first of the Turning On and Thursday, July PM Operations If the the of the and seconds) shown the To off, and and the to the the The shown the the to Press to Press and to the Press shown the while that selected. to the The shown the the phone to that selected.
Not Inc. The (when through the one-touch phone memory locations through Only) To and the that to the memory location containing the the memory location and to to the through the MEMORY the shown the of the as shown this to the least inches from ear while Thursday, July PM to the location containing the to then or PTT ory location then and To the of the memory or CALL SETUP The (when through the memory. to the the every If try to and the seconds three the Retry If the the of the and seconds) shown the Stop and of with and/or This when to phone and then another such as or Stop and The shown the Press to shown the temporarily or to through the other numbers. You called. To these numbers, the You Called or You Operations
Not Inc. the tone sounds the the the and backlighting flash, and the light top of the flashes SOUNDS through the temporarily You of approximately seconds the and shown the the to and shown the You of Thursday, July PM the the incoming the If selected, then To shown the If the the memory, the If ID service from the with the shown. Press to the The the Press to the to the and then tones. or cally transmitted. the phone to office that to the following: 555-1111S2222P33333 where security To temporarily the tone without the the front Temporarily the Press to the If the allow to instead of the such as the memory You of with and tion. You then the the memory location and
Not Inc. Increasing or Decreasing the the the of To the To increase the the of To the microphone or Mic Muted shown the Press or to to the Microphone from the pressing or turn- shows the of You clear the the Unanswered shown the and the Thursday, July PM to when the You switch the Not ready to If service from service both Waiting If (CNI) from service CALL DATA the section of the and while the shown You from the the While On while the To increase or the high-level While active the switch to Speakerphone the Speakerphone red. While active the switched to The the switch to the as Operations
Not Inc. The location of the including or people involved, their and the clockwise to increase and counterclockwise to HEARING DAMAGE the than the than inches to ear when inches to ear while it WARNING Thursday, July PM or to of the that the to To and the To the and release the Press To of the the section Recalling International or the through the LOCKS from service with or the outlet where purchased The and of Emergency with as would from If allowed service tional with service infor- If completing mation. If service offers ID service, shows the phone of If fire, or from wireless Wireless with location, or and the that The to know the following: If fire, or and wireless The of the
Not Inc. the the the or TDMA of calling. the TDMA associated with the the of the If service the TDMA Calling with TDMA memory with the shown with ID information the NO shown the ID restricted ID or shown the The the Also, the that the when If the the Thursday, July PM or type the third of the as the active, the the shown below. Battery the and the light The battery sounds when reach- turned On. The the and then You should charge its lowest The top of flashes red. this the within hours that the battery charge to capacity. Battery and each included the This where includes of the who when the answered. active The following security that to to such as You should this to and numbers. The factory-programmed security Security Operations
Not Inc. the shown the You active. Broadcast where or the when the answered. This to of Broadcast when one-way selected. tion. when selected. Thursday, July PM The of active and seconds. MM:SS The to The reaching its lowest Battery The of answered. The searching The microphone muted. Mic Muted where each the active. This First where the active and the other This the TDMA or the and numbers. You security or memory. The flashing when associated with or numbers. You attempted to that LOCKS restricted the Restricted The to unauthorized The charge-only and or Charging The operating The operating The Charging finished. Charging Complete service information TDMA
Not Inc. Press and through or Press or Press Press the Press the shown the Press: To This: The active Speakerphone The active The active The active Broadcast Bcst The active Thursday, July PM Press and or then or then Access to Press and or recently from memory Press and Press and DTMF tones Press then Switch On and Press then Switch On and the text reading Press Press highlighted The active first The searching wireless Service Press and or Turn On Press and Turn Summary of Operations Press: To This: Press and or then Access to Text Press and Press and Press the the shown the Press received or the when Access RCL and memory memory) Press or Increase Press or Decrease Press Press and Press Press back Press Operations
Not Inc. Switch from to from to Switch from to red. from to top active Press and Thursday, July PM Press: To This: Switch to Speakerphone Switch to
Not Inc. to The of the the the shown the Press or to through the of This chapter to You should this chapter thoroughly to to through the and to Thursday, July PM You through the of or To back to the of Press- from of to the the as previously then: easy tone and other sound other and memory and of choices, such as the choices, such as On and the Press The choices the shown the The active choice the CALL SETUP Other the SOUNDS Press or to through the the the to Pressing when the shown the To the and the of the first shown the to To of the
Not Inc. Press or the Press The shown the of Turning ON Press to the choice selected or to the without shown the The of the SELECTION STORED! If then shown the July PM Exiting Press The choices and ON shown the OFF Press The CALL SETUP shown the Press or the If while the to allow to the Press to back Press to Accessing Press shown SELECTION STORED! the then the the CALL SETUP shown. Press or [ON] Press The shown the the of the Press to the of the and then the of the Sounds them. and the Sounds then If know the associated with the and to sound the when that and to the then to directly to the choices Sounds.
Not Inc. The following shows the and that to the security with MemoryUsed RCL RCL ScrPad RCL StoreScrpd Memory SOUNDS Press The shown the Press or the Sounds Press The of choices shown the Press or the Thursday, July PM Select UnreadText Text Press or the the through the choices, the sounds the choice each choice. High This item service and appear. STORED! shown the then the Press to choice. SELECTION SOUNDS shown. Press to
Not Inc. Count Count Cards Only) Only) Only) Light Thursday, July PM Card1Setup Card2Setup CardSelect Cards Retry Tone Ear Sound Pitch Sounds
Not Inc. Press or the Memory the Memory Press to to characters length. and memory to and You and associated to length, and through and and Recalling Thursday, July PM memory location shown the Press to the selection. The to this Press or the Press to the MEMORY eight-character with the You the of memory and and reduces the amount based each containing and The of that of memory and the MEMORY through the Press to the to the the phone The following shows which to and the of associated with this them to the MEMORY shown the There this: and Memory and Recalling
Inc. With the shown the to Press the Press or the Memory MEMORY Press to the To from the from to which to the to of Press This Thursday, July PM shown the of the Press to the selection. The and then to the to If to ory location, follow the previous the the STORE: the memory location Specifying Memory Location If to to associated with this the Press to the memory. Three One C locations through with the the and and memory locations with memory recalled the security To memory, follow the Memory Shown the Press to the memory! shown the
Not Inc. To to the to the RECALL: and the memory location where the instructions to previously the Arrow. Recalling Previously Press The displayed timeout. the The memory or memory the security To to security If Follow the as the the allow to or and The to and Securely and then security If the the ory shown the Thursday, July PM Press or the RCL Press or the Memory MEMORY Press to the Recalling the Memory Press to Recalling the Arrow Recalling memory the location Press to the RCL You or the or the If To the of the the You of memory that with the the the first OR Press The to this tration. To the which the first of the OR and Recalling
Not Inc. You or memory Memory the following: the as previously or or You to the the If to search the location the The shown the the the RECALL: and Follow the previously RCL MEMORY the Recalling From Memory Thursday, July PM memory Press to the The shown the the shown the To to the of the the To to the to and then the Press to the previously with the or to the to the If the security the shown the the location of the memory. Press Security shown the Press the the RECALL: security Press and memory? Location shown the Press the and to shown the From Memory Press Recalling or operates the as numbers. Recalling or
Not Inc. or or the security To rity the If the numbers. The to or follow the or or the Memory shown the Press to the from memory. Thursday, July PM and Recalling
Not Inc. to the this shown ately or reading If On when it the seconds, the You choice of reading the and and the to and the text appear the Pressing clears the from the text sounds tone and of Normal or service then (text and these services of service the text and to or both services, text from service If to Thursday, July PM Services to If On, the as below. If text the and Emergency The of the turned On, service the three service service and them Text Service to the this shown If turned On when the with choice of the which they received. of reading the immediately or reading shown text sounds tone and Read, text to or of 2KB of the of the text shown the following text and Unread, text read.
Not Inc. The and arrows the top right of the (The arrows appear there that there than the You through the or the to that to the to reading the If turned On when sounds tones, and to the this shown the seconds. Emergency Thursday, July PM the of the the appears and initially If call-back the the the If back the the the options and the as with other text the You the three and holding shown the through the and releasing or You or through Reading Text Immediately or the location tion, that as as to its right, If already the to the right. the without clearing and holding or Clear the the location included the the If while reading call-back screen played (to to call-back or phone to the shown appears. To the the and If text call-back Call-Back Services
Not Inc. through the Press to the Once the through the three or You or and holding or Press or the the to read. sounds tone and to the while this shown the Press to the incoming or to and the treated as While Thursday, July PM Press or the Text Press or the MESSAGES Press to the Press to the of Press to Text To and the shown the If the shown with the text If that read, Unread Text memory You the memory through the or through the three Press to the Once the and releasing or You and holding or Press or the the to read. Press or the Press or the UnreadText Press to the MESSAGES Press to the of Press to To these
Not Inc. previously You then To non-home to the this To the shown, or To to and text and Text the to memory: Press and Thursday, July PM the Press and when the If or only and to to another Access Not played seconds, displays another to the this that Access the to text retained. text retained the to the Press to the Press Service The as displays to that or as already the when it and turned turned On. If service the the On. sounds If previously If turned ON and when to the this shown the Services
Not Inc. If Press or to selected and non-home It to number(s) that displays when You tone sounds and If shown the If there the the to the Shown the that heard. To to these and the shown the Thursday, July PM non-home the to and To To the to and Press the MESSAGES Press to the Press to Press the or Press the MESSAGES Press to the Press to Press SELECTION STORED! shown the phone the Press to the to and To and holding To while previously the non-home the to and (You option.) CALL CARDS To cards, to the section the chapter
Not Inc. To switch back and forth the or What which of and or or To the The text Access to Text and shown the Press to If text Text READ TEXT MESSAGE directly to the Press to to Thursday, July PM shown the Press If only Text as shown the If both text and of the to The Read or to the Text and From the READ TEXT MESSAGE arrows, which that both and text the right of this Services
Not Inc. scratch memory. You the RCL the the scratch memory then RCL StoreScrpd to the scratch memory, shown the StoreScrpd Press or to through functions and function. Thursday, July PM Press to the ously called. You the RCL to the of RCL MemoryUsed shows the of the memory that occupied. MemoryUsed Press to function, or which the The MEMORY the following choices and numbers. Press to back the Press to the completely. Memory The MESSAGES the following choices services that from to phone and RCL phone the You RCL with the or the memory location RCL
Not Inc. This allows to manually from that This function selected, the that to than that geographic location. Once which to service, instead of the include as as This currently selected. This Select If text service from this text UnreadText If text service from this text Text Thursday, July PM search other The of the item when the The phone You Normal this The turned This function both and once. If service from this If service from this non-home This item service and appear. choices selecting (Selections The SYSTEM OPT the following
Not Inc. the and then This when the such as when carrying briefcase or You You the that GEN. SETUP The to If the or Info Not shown. the If services the information the information obtained, the This displays the The function shows the You prompted the security to to this function. Thursday, July PM Turn the and holding and then the back On and holding or The locked of the Emergency while the locked. Unlock the to the battery. active, the service areas. If text shown the If service offers this function to service. You to when and the and the Press then If granted, seconds the as You the sounds Active The tone sounds the of the and then Sounds tone off through the This function the and from the from the service
Not Inc. or to through the of the to the security the Press to the Accessing Native or when there You the and backlighting to continuously or off when the seconds. Light The from to with the You the highest Thursday, July PM You prompted the security to to allows to this function. Press to the to its to its factory Sound and tory that the security back to the factory This Press to selection. Press to that The displays both and the turned the numbers. characters The displays when the The function You to three-line, 36-character cally off characters allows to the when connected to accessory that this Only) allows to when nected to that this function. The options On and Only) shown the The You prompted the security to (English, Spanish, and text You choose four to this function.
Not Inc. to or of the The shows when turned shows the and seconds, and prompted with choose the DSP when connected to Only) tion. It Speakerphone The options and Thursday, July PM or sounding the or when turned free about seconds each On the the then to cally to the You which the and holding the to the memory locations through Turning allows to memory location while The CALL SETUP the following choices the of the to shown the ID. to the To or phone the You to which the to office the the function. You only to the four or function to of the memory location the or location and while Turning allows to or while The function to You to to
Not Inc. or sounds You then Press then to The S shown the selected while the or The The as the and the function turned to than or to that with seconds to three Retry the function the through the Retry Thursday, July PM allows to the of the sounds when Sound allows to choose the sound when click, tone or sound Sound sounds when incoming text or This allows to or off the tone that received. tone operated turned Tone the function allows to DTMF tones This allows operations and other DTMF DTMF tones. Tone sounds three to outgoing to the the You the or or Ear allows to the of the the Ear The SOUNDS the following choices the and sounds and Sounds
Not Inc. CALL DATA The the following choices information that from or received the the with ID (the If ID from service this appears first). Press to shown the tone as allows to choose the type of tone the through the selections. There selection, which the allows to the of Thursday, July PM The the phone shown the If the received memory with the arrow to through the of the shown the The function the tion of the and seconds. Pitch allows to the pitch from High, or Mixed, and those tones There selection, which as through the selections the Pitch from High, allows to the of the from the lowest to the highest as the or The to from the phone shown the Count The function the of Count that used. The The shows the hours and Press to allows to the sound, or both
Not Inc. You this option to outgoing tions this function Allows of only. outgoing Allow Press to the count. Press to to the count To from and then to Count The function shows the that the Press to Count the count. Press to to the Thursday, July PM the of the options only or and restricted. Internat. with to and or numbers. access. memory while this Allows only to memory. Memory You the options useful The LOCKS the following choices protection services the to its of security. You security the LOCKS count To from and then to allowed with the or access. You Allow or the of or features. Cards Allows from each the On. selected, the To the the security
Not Inc. Press or the CardSelect. (Card One or Card Press or the to Press to selection. Press You security The tory-set You prompted to the selected, the incoming You allow or If Thursday, July PM to allow the to completed). Calling Card Access service To the following the following: Calling Card Card1 and Card2 You security the CALL CARDS choices to The CALL CARDS the following Cards CALL CARDS Press to the You prompted to security Press or the Cards. Press or the Card1Setup or Card2Setup. Press to Press to which through the CALL You numbers. You CARDS Card Select Press or the Cards. Press to the CALL CARDS Press to
Not Inc. Press to through the options that the flow to the selection. To flow the the to To using Calling Card Press or the Access the Press to to Press to the the Thursday, July PM Press Release the the displayed. the specified If numbers, of numbers. If the or to the of chosen the Flow function. Press and The shown the or the to If service Flow when the to the Flow ted The the Flow Press to the Access Stop the of The TERMINAL the following and the and options while the following choices From the previous the Flow or Flow (international). Press to through the flow To the flow Press Stop
Not Inc. allows to the ALERT the following choices editing, and tones. to allows to the of the of the high when received. The options allows to the of High, and Thursday, July PM RCL the with the or the memory RCL tion allows to the allows to phone and accompanying (non-Group). The options allows to of three and Option the following choices editing, and using RCL the with the or the memory location to with accompanying
Not Inc. searching wireless when the or The too to Displayed and Explanations You Can Thursday, July PM or the battery. If vehicle that the and that the vehicle supplying to the the vehicle The On. the Sounds to the or the to the only. and when The received. You incorrect security the security You which the LOCKS The with other while and This The slightly becomes The The the off, the with or such as text memory searching wireless You Can
Inc. service. the where and service You geographic with high trying to of geographic locations tor shows relatively July PM If information or to purchase Accessories: of the as This geographic areas, and coverage The North America, 1-800-ERICSSON If You Assistance Elsewhere,