Not Inc.
Inc. This published Inc., without warranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated to editions of this and the products purchase PBM Publication LZT R3 Inc., rights Printed USA
Not Inc. this instructs to and release the this instructs to and and the to seconds. Press the arrow when this shown the following type- shown the following typeface: shown the following MENUS typeface: CLR Press the arrow when this the when On and Text that the shown the following typeface: displays phone and The shortcuts to using the hourglass
Not Inc.
Not Inc. The of with the FCC (and those American National National Coun- tional Commission Radiation Protection. Radiation Protection and industry the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). products developed. phone to with office, The of the exciting and services and others. and NORMAL POSITION: the as other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. the and Unauthorized modifications, or the or FCC and receiver. ON, and (RF) wireless to wireless Those with the previously the (FCC) adopted RF with both US and international and the to the when the with the affects higher than otherwise and TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: to efficiently: (where Those based and of the and physicians from government health and NCRP ANSI C95.1 ICNIRP
Not Inc. shielded from RF shielded RF from wireless Devices to interference with the research and of Wire- The Health Industry Association that of inches These with the wireless and Research. or wireless when necessary. to first responsibility. off the and or the and regulations the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, phone while please: operation, Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their when the ON. Should the breast with the following while to know wireless phone and its such as and or while or wireless phone within easy reach. If reason to that interference OFF immediately. and Should the ear the to the interference. hearing the of such interference, wireless with Hearing and the traffic; when or traffic. wireless to others or emotional tions that distracting. wireless phone to
Not Inc. phone OFF when or posted: To with operations, Turn off and tions. instructions. such Turn phone OFF when with or fire or death. tially atmosphere and and Atmospheres If other the shielded from RF physician to this information. of to Other Devices Turn OFF health when regulations these to or health that to RF to service (or the tomer service to alternatives). such as stations; below where the chemicals or such with atmosphere often or or vehicles using where would normally to off (such as or clearly They include as or and other vehicle the the or the including both or wireless inflates with force. DO NOT If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious with You should the of that to shielded vehicles. RF improperly or Check with the or its vehicle. Turn OFF facility where and FCC phone while the Switch OFF phone aircraft. Aircraft
Not Inc. from the clean- Once cloth lightly To reduce of shock, the with cleaning. the outlet DANGER the AC or If the nection of shock. the located that tripped or otherwise to or stress. and the following and of They themselves or others, or that and the allow to with Product and to performance with the phone as would other telephone. While directly the mouthpiece, the and shoul- If the should Dont to the the allow to or to products. to the Doing warranty. This should Authorized Service serviceable Service performance or and the to them of warranty. phone to or the when the phone the affects the phone to higher than and shortens and and To reduce of the from the outlet the AC rather than the cord. AC supply) only to as the
Not Turn phone OFF the battery. the the another such as This short-circuit and the battery. to This the to the AC/DC with and phone warranty. to the U.S., recycling phone of the service to the to to recycle battery. of rechargeable the recycling of rechargeable the U.S., Battery Recycling Corporation (RBRC), Recycling Battery instructions. The with phone capacity, to the battery. New Battery Information below (10C) or 105F charge when the (40C). appears the right of the when the Charge the charged. mouth. Battery toxic allow the to the lowed. To battery, the following: Conditioning Battery ory which the to charge to than battery. This the of should its capacity. If off to properly. battery, or that recharging or rechargeable service treated tery should the within hours the to reach capacity. Battery and and Disconnect the charger and ON the completely phone OFF. sound warning that completely to or This where reduce the batterys capacity.
Not Inc. Completely the and charge three to, the conditioning The to based the type of and the and of and
Not Inc. both the and through the the screw the the back While that the screw through of the clockwise as shown the following tration. screwdriver, the screw head the screw. to the the this chapter. the to the phone to the Attaching the to section this chapter. Complete the following procedures to the first Started release to the first, the the top of the the back of the with the the thicker top. the screw-in Swivel charge and to the Charging Battery section this chapter. Turn On to the Operations chapter. Attaching or Swivel Started with the To the release the top of the and the and of the the or screwdriver, the to the the from the top of the phone with or the from the
Inc. To charge battery, the this section. the battery and of the cavity. Charging Battery Connecting and Battery the the back of the The the battery should the of the the top of the the The the of the tery should the charger to phone that If attaching the charger the phone to charge-only this the charging the activated the appears battery. Charge-Only The phone the charger and included the the the the of the tery with thumb. Press hear click. Started You or when charge-only The become when the Charging
Not Inc. If phone On, attached to while the The to charge while the Charger To charge the the to the phone hours to charge the battery. charging the hours the phone should the charge-only automatically. charging the the the phone charge-only when the connected. tor the of The the the charger with the the the the charger the with the and facing charger the the the If the On, the once the the If the phone charge-only Charging appears the when the phone with of the following tery chargers: Selecting Charger To the the connected to the upwards and Started while or the the charger cord! Press the the the charger charger
Not Inc. and the of the The charger phone the front of the The charger charge attached to the the the charging Charger the the the of The the the with the while or the the charger cord! Press the the the The charger to charge On, while the while the to If Charger If the phone On, the once the the If the phone charge-only Charging appears the once the charging the phone the Connecting the Cord to the To the to the top Charger the back of the charger the as the the with the previous To charge the and phone to the the AC charging Started the with the facing and the the the back of the charger the the phone with the and facing the the charger the light- previous the AC
Not Inc. Charging Battery the of the the when the seated the rear The chargers light properly the AC the while or the the cord! If phone On, and Charging Battery Attached to while the the and then charging the to capacity. Conditioning The of the to the memory that from charging the Conditioning Battery charged. the from the charger when the light which that the charged. You the and another the tery to phone and the front The light the right front of the charger when the properly seated the and the that the the front of phone the To the using the to phone from the which that the when the light phone Started the rear the charger to battery. the the of the
Not Inc. The light steady while the Press the light the right of the charger the battery. It anywhere from to hours to the battery, the type. the from the charger when the light which that the tery charged. The light steady when the charger charging the battery. Started
Inc. Sounds (with phone incoming outgoing phone offers the TDMA operating and Learning About Highlights of Text service with call-back function to service 2KB of text Security PIN (four roaming restriction and the contoured, and light-weight Active and Easy-to-use graphics Learning About (with accessory phonebook that displays the of to Missed Lighted
Inc. The following of the this to The of Light NO and to On or Charger and Connectors Clear CLR Arrow Arrow YES Battery Learning About
Not Inc. to on/off phone to or Profiles Active Profile shows activated (Normal, battery. battery. If the phone connected to and the Battery shows the relative of and the the the The following to the of and Waiting New Text shows whether the phone currently operating or from the More the relative The and of the light top of phone the following Light Functions Waiting the of that heard. New Text the of text that read. Active Profile Battery Learning About Flashing and the to Only. Flashing Steady from such as Flashing Flashing Red: the This the that the of pressing or sounds. If activated, that the to
Not Inc. or to through when recalling from when text Press and from the to while number-edit the Press to through and and the Press to through when Press and to through Press and to the to the the activation. selections when phone Press to the back text Arrow Press (from the the outgoing Press and phone to Press to Press and to Press to incoming Press to Press to text displayed. Press to as tones. Functions YES Press and to through Press and from the to or to through when recalling from when text while number-edit the and the Press to through and selections when phone Press and to the to the right Press to through when phone from Press to the text back Arrow Press incoming to the Press and to turn phone On or Press to without Press to clear the Press to to the the Press to On, NO, Learning About
Not Inc. the microphone muted, and Press to the the Press to selected when Press and to the Press and to the Press and to clear or to the microphone reading text CLR Press the to temporarily the Press to the back light (when the Press to increase the tone when Press the to temporarily the Press to the back light (when the Press to the tone when Press the Press to and lower- Press to while Press and while Press or to the Press and to when The and tially when the phone closed. This phone to and to the If the the to option to or flip/any the microphone the phone muted, the to the microphone and Learning About
Not Inc. The phone to unauthorized The the right of the that active this the indicated the The to the shown the The following The charge-only and or You attempted to that restricted the Battery charging finished. The battery reaching its lowest The searching You active Learning About You active The muted. The of answered. The microphone muted.
Not Inc. Press and YES the text reading Press This: To This: YES the shown the YES phone from the Press and NO Turn On Press This: To This Summary of Operations Operations or the Press and CLR Press and YES the the Press and YES DTMF tones or then Turn On or or then Turn On or YES Select highlighted or the YES or the NO Press and NO Turn phone Increase ear Decrease ear or Access the or Access the CLR from NO back Operations or NO the when Press and to phonebook Press and to activation Press and to from the Missed YES Incoming Press and CLR or or through or CLR the or
Not Inc. American Spanish, and Selection appears the Press YES to the Press CLR to to the Press NO to to the previous The On and holding NO phone sounds If the option activated, the phone To and NO sounds and off. Turning On and Press or from the to the To the sound Press to the SOUNDS Turn On. or the Sound You the to the To the the or Operations of the each sound as through Press the or repeatedly the sound highlighted. You hear the of sounds. Press to the Sound Sound appears the Press or from the to the Press the or repeatedly the options American English, option highlighted. The Press to the Press to the SETTINGS Turn On.
Not Inc. the The phone shown the to the You CLR to or the or and CLR to Press YES Connecting shown the while phone the YES Selection appears the the sound highlighted, To the Press CLR to to the Press NO to to the the the connected, of The phone that and the NO or the to the Press or from the to the highlighted. You hear Press the or repeatedly the of the currently selected sound as each selection. Press to the Press to the SOUNDS appears the Turn On. or Operations seconds three the If to and the Retry the section Retry the the chapter. Retry the highlighted, Selection appears the YES Press to to the CLR Press to to the previous NO
Not Inc. closed and active. the the the NO to the the Pressing NO the To the microphone and the Microphone the CLR Mic Muted appears the when the muted. this to to the Incoming the the and back light flash, and the light ID) service from top of the phone flashes If shown when the received. shown the If the phone the the with the service the through tone sounds the SOUNDS the then closing the the and the If to or the the and Press the to increase the ear Press the to the ear Increasing or Decreasing Ear To the ear Waiting the to the If the ANSWER OPT the The Incoming the the the and pressing YES NO or the to the to when the YES pressing ready to YES NO You switch the If service from service both Operations the the or or the To temporarily the tone without Temporarily the Tone NO. Incoming shown the and the the or YES
Not Inc. You from the and holding CLR while the shown the phone phonebook CALL MANAGER one-touch The when through the through To and the the to that to the phonebook containing to the phone and shows the of received You clear the from the pressing or turning the phone Incoming the If from Incoming YES from the Missed PHONE LISTS of the To shown below. CALL MANAGER phone The when through the phonebook and YES to containing the to To the of the then YES to the phone numbers. shown the Press or YES You the to shown the through the of the PHONE temporarily phone called. To these phone numbers, to through the other phone numbers. You YES from the The phone the You Called LISTS the the or the back light without clearing the This when Operations Stop and of with and each of numbers. This useful when to and
Inc. You of numbers, which include and You then and YES the the the the and when manufactured. The with there of through the CALL MANAGER Emergency shown the and holding temporarily You of approximately seconds the or and then another such as the to YES You of Stop The to the from service or the outlet where purchased phone should service office that to phone the to where the following: shown the and If fire, or or that from and the YES with location, or phone The patcher to know the following: Operations and The of the emergency. would YES and then tones. to The instead of the or YES phone the than seconds, the If the
Not Inc. phone The the The sounds when battery reach- Battery the and the light top of phone flashes red. this and then off. You should the its The within hours that the charge to capacity. Battery The location of the including or people involved, their and other If completing with service infor- If allowed service with phone as would from mation. If fire, or International security the If You this to to such as service security the section security that to and numbers. The factory-programmed Security phone when phone If the ID of incoming the Also, the tion ID) service, shows the with the shown with the If service shown the ID restricted the service information the NO ID phone that shown the The Operations
Not Inc. Operations
Not Inc. Press or from the to the Press YES from the when the that to highlighted. Press or to through the of the that to high- lighted, YES The of the appears the to through the this chapter thoroughly to to and to the and from easy to: You through the of or to the Pressing CLR from the and to the To back to the of NO Press- NO from of Press or from the screen to the sound and other sound text and other features Press or to through the the to highlighted. shown the The currently active choice Press The choices the YES the as the section, then: Press to to the CLR Press to to the pervious NO To of the
Not Inc. and or the If know the associated with the to that of the and then the of the or then then to the sound the SOUNDS Sound and the when them. If the Access to the choices. The active choice choices, of these the choice highlighted. If the Press or to through the of choices indicated with choices, such as On and the Other of choices, such as the the SOUNDS the CALL MANAGER indicated of shown the of the front of this shortcuts to and using the hourglass Sound to directly to the choices Press to the choice selected or YES NO If The of then shown the to the without Selection appear the Press NO to back To to the NO Pressing Exiting the this the Operations summary of the operations phone chapter. the to allow If while of the to the CLR from to the
Not Inc. Press or to through and function. Press NO to back the Press YES to the function, or that highlighted. Press CLR to the completely. The that the top-level selected option displayed below the when The option title of the highlighted. Each choices and The PHONE LISTS the following and information. or to to that to Profiles The CALL MANAGER Option the PHONE LISTS Option the MESSAGES Option the SETTINGS Option the PROFILES Option the SOUNDS Option the The Entry allows to phone the phonebook You the with the or Entry The Entry allows to and accompanying Entry Press or to the Accessing
Not Inc. If ID service from service the shown the YES with ID (the appears first). To Incoming the the Incoming Incoming the If from PHONE LISTS of the To Incoming YES from the Missed shown below. The allows to the chapter information about screening. The of phonebook ID. to the section this then sound associated with and options Family, Work, Team, School, A, B, and C. Entry the and holding from the phonebook with the shown the If the the the or to through the the phone that called. The the The recently holding the or The the and and The allows to and appears first. from the the or to You the YES the phonebook with the through the If the shown the To the shown the YES allow to to Calling Card Calling Card The and Calling Card and Calling Card The the and and holding the or
Not Inc. the or International transmitted The to the The when the If Calling Press YES to the Access and the to allow the to Calling Card Access To cards, the Calling Cards completed) You prompted to security to Calling Card Calling Card the and Calling Cards, or International highlighted. Press YES to the highlighted option. and phone To the Stop Stop Press or from the to the PHONE LISTS Press YES when the high- lighted. Calling Card Calling Press or the or Card highlighted. To cards, the following Calling Card Press YES to of the You prompted to security Press to through the options that the YES to the selection. Press to through the To the the the to highlighted. Press or highlighted. the Press to highlight Access Press YES to Access the Press YES to Press YES to the
Inc. phone number(s) that The to the when the To to highlighted. Press YES to or the The currently active phone selected the phone Press YES to the to Release the the displayed. the specified If using numbers, of numbers. If the of chosen the or International or to the YES or the phone to Calling Card Press and YES The and the active shown the service or from service switch the that allowed service If telephone to that The to optional this offers the option of to which obtained from roaming If It useful where international following: phone numbers/subscriptions. service to as To which the following: The Card allows to assign Press or from the to the Card Press or from the to the PHONE LISTS Press YES when the high- lighted. Press or highlighted. Press YES when the PHONE LISTS high- lighted. highlighted (the selection indicated Press or Card One or Card Press or Card highlighted. Press YES to the Card
Not Inc. appear the to from service and the text New The allows to text text service the of text New or previously text The allows to service from service Press or the highlighted. You each or to apply to the currently selected phone only. lighted, YES to switch to that phone the high- Press YES to the Press NO to to the or CLR to to previously-read text You this text service from The allows to of Memory Used The displays the of the memory that and the of the memory that Memory Used You prompted to security to the of phonebook that and the of phonebook that Memory Used The to the Memory Used The allows to and service from service The MESSAGES choices specifying from service text and services that and or
Not Inc. YES the or YES to only with the The allows to that to the the then to the On the or to Press to CALL MANAGER The allows to infor- mation and establish and service It selections this to and options and statistics. or The this function On and The to the phone when to On, and phone the to the The allows to to phone or which to the phone YES Counter used. The The shows the of and the hours and that appears the prompted appears the The the tion of the and seconds. It to to office the to the or of the the You The allows to of the following Press to YES YES Option
Not Inc. with to and with If Allow or that with or allow of The phone allow access. If phone outgoing phone allow of phone If numbers. to country. Selections this function through the The The Retry when seconds to three the options the Retry On and function On, as the and the The YES to the phone The to the than Retry only allow to phonebook while this restriction If Allow phonebook allow of that If international with and The phone allow access. phonebook the The allows to phone or and The YES options On and pressing and the to phonebook through The allows to phone the phonebook The options On and Calling Card Calling Card the or If phone allow the of that with The If phone allow to phone with or allow access. The to outgoing LOCKS The functionality of the options the
Not Inc. The restricts from each the To the the security On If while active, security to the You prompted to security to the phone The options Allow and If selected, the phone The allows to You prompted to security to the You prompted to security to the The restricts from using the The of the following: and then turn the back Turn the phone off and holding NO and holding NO the completed, the to the Press or highlight the or off to choose, and YES to select. The SecurityCode allows to to If security You this to security numbers. The factory-programmed such as and service Security or The or and and off. You prompted to security to the SecurityCode
Not Inc. backlighting to or to On the Light to the and seconds when or pressed. The Light and The three the phone sounds warning tone indicating that active. The tone sounds the of the and then every seconds the as If granted, tion On-warning, and Light The allows to the and from the this from the service English, American Spanish, The allows to the the The and The Select allows to and that currently manually the from which as and This function to than graphic location. The following to service. This include as selected. This Select options: Select the to the The the C tion Light, Light, and The allows to three-line, to the section and when the On. The the to numbers, and 42-character characters that the the chapter tion turned off characters information. The allows to service service offers service areas. If active, the shown the
Not Inc. Priority allows to the of the first, which phone searches. that service ity and This To Priority the following: Network Priority Press or from the to highlight SETTINGS the selection If phone should service service allows, the selection the following: Network Select Press or the highlighted. SETTINGS Press YES to the Press to the of the highlighted item to first. Press to the of the highlighted item to second. Press to the of the highlighted item to third. Press or from the to highlight SETTINGS the Select Press or the highlighted. Select Press YES to the Press or to highlight service. SETTINGS Press YES to the Press or Priority highlighted. Press YES to Priority. the highlighted, YES to switch to that when the The phone The of the item allows search other Press or the highlighted. Press NO to to the or Press or Network highlighted. Select Press YES to the CLR to to the Press YES to Search allows to manually switch to another phone to search that Once the search with of Search
Not Inc. Press or the that to to memory highlighted. Press YES to the highlighted to memory. You NO to the Search and to the Press or highlighted. Press YES to Press or from the screen to highlight SETTINGS the Select Press or the highlighted. Press or Search highlighted. Press YES to the and If to switch to another the following: SETTINGS Press YES to the The SOUNDS the following choices the and sounds and shown the when the The to when or sounds. The or Sounds allows to to the of this selected, the phone searching that To of the to memory, the following: Press or highlighted. You NO to the Search and to the Press YES to the highlighted Press YES to Search. Press or from the to highlight SETTINGS the Select Press or the highlighted. Select Press YES to the SETTINGS Press YES to the
Not Inc. nected to the The options Access to outgoing The Access allows to sound three On and Access the the There sound when The four options The Sound allows to choose the Sound Click, or Sound selected. The options as through the type of sound or the sound or The Sound allows to choose the tions. There sounds. Sound or and and off. On or The options about seconds each sounding the ear or The when turned On, On and High, or The The allows to the from the lowest to the highest as the of the from Extra-Low, phone to tone-operated The options DTMF tones. The options Tone On and turned to DTMF tones This allows The when allows operations and other DTMF Tone On and The allows to The three options Only, Ring/Vibrate, and Only. of the the You Ear The allows to the Ear
Not Inc. the to operating Profile These include Normal, Profile and Profile Meeting PROFILES The the following Profile Normal and Profile Profile Profile received. The options the tone that sounds when incoming or The allows to On or On and Profiles or The apply to apply only to the active Non Once activated vehicle or phone to or free the the operating throughout the to allow to easily switch to every throughout These which allow to to and of each located indicated the to however, from Normal to turn them off completely. Normal Ear Sound and these to or or of phonebook and choose to the to of Press or to the to the the that restricted from through the the or of indicated the the right of the
Not Inc. to their factory Press YES to the the to to its factory security function and tions to the factory The to the factory the phone to its factory security You prompted to security to Profile the NextCallType the to what type of to know that they NextCallType the to The three options Next- to phone CallType and and ready to the Next You of that restricted from through each of the Once selected the to screened, YES to You prompted to security to the If or information connecting phone to NextCallType to or to and initiating to the and chapter. the incoming received. phone The NextCallType If NextCallType to or the received, the NextCallType to every throughout the Press YES to currently active to its factory Profile the to the Profile
Not Inc. Press or from the to the the or based each containing and 20-character with the of that and reduces the amount of memory and the phone PHONE LISTS the the PHONE through the You the of LISTS and Each You and associated to length, and phonebook to to characters length. the Entry Press or the high- lighted. phonebook shown the Entry Press YES to the The PHONE LISTS Press or the highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press YES to the and the Press to the to the the Press YES to the phone shown the associated with this to and this chapter). the to There three to phone and already shown the the PHONE LISTS memory.
Not Inc. With the phone shown the to the Already Shown the PHONE LISTS Press or the highlighted. Character to selection. or to A, the the character, or appears the Press the or repeatedly once. To B, the and Press YES to the that To to the field. the of the to which the Entry Press YES to The shown the of the Entry If to to associated with this phone the Press YES to the the Entry Press the high- lighted. PHONE LISTS Press YES to the C Press this the If to follow the the phone and then to the the phonebook to the The phone phonebook Specifying The and lowercase and lower-
Not Inc. the You of the that matches the Then or the If the the first the To the of the through alphabetical of to the Entry Press YES to the You the or Entry Press or the highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press YES to the and with the then and YES You prompted to security If the phone memory, follow the the phone and and phone recalled the security To phone memory Memory memory! appears the through with the The and the and the To search the the shown the Recalling using the PHONE LISTS Recalling or There this: the You to the the YES Press and to the Entry Press or from the to the Recalling the PHONE LISTS Press or the PHONE LISTS highlighted. Recalling from memory.
Not Inc. Press or from the to the PHONE LISTS Press YES The shown the Entry Press or the highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press or the highlighted. Press YES Security appears the PHONE LISTS Entry from the Follow the Recalling From Memory the of the phone memory. Press the highlighted. If the security the shown the security Press or the and to shown the YES This allows to alphabetically through the the character To search Phonebook entry, the first of the of the and Entry Press YES to the The phonebook appears the (where the phonebook shown Press and CLR the To to the of the phone the to the to the the phone shown the the phone Recalling or from this chapter. Editing the Press YES to the phone from the shown the appears the (where 00X the Press to the The YES 00X phonebook of existing entry). previously with the phone Press to the phone YES To to the CLR to and then the
Not Inc. Press or to through the The active type indicated (including when from of the Press to the that to YES assign to Group. The selected type Press YES to the to which to assign Press or highlighted. Press YES to PROFILES the to the section to allow to or whose incoming screened that the Group, the and the Sound. If from the chapter informa- Screen sound. The of The allows to with the phonebook assigning to of each the sound. tion Press or from the to the to service ID this to properly. Press to to the CLR Press to to the NO Press or from the to the to PHONE LISTS Press YES The shown the PHONE LISTS Press or the highlighted. Press to the The YES of appears the the Press or the highlighted. Press The PHONE LISTS shown YES the Press or the PHONE LISTS highlighted. Press YES to the The of appears the Press or the that to highlighted. Press or the highlighted.
Inc. Press or the that to highlighted. the and the or The selected indicated Select highlighting Press or to through of Press YES to the to which to assign options. Press or highlighted. Press YES to Press CLR to to the Press NO to to the Press YES to the
Not Inc. Emergency shown and of the which the received. phone sounds tones, and If turned On when appears the seconds prompting to the Emergency Text services phone Text and the of The services service and to Services Text Service sounds and If On when it appears the Text text its memory. The classified the or callback of 2KB of of the following types: and Emergency. text specified the leaving the The assignment and the callback the service the service the to service the If phone On, the If with service and Services text sounds and If phone turned On when appears the Normal Text received, review, or text
Not Inc. of the to callback phone If there callback callback phone the the which appears the of the the phone the and holding of the arrow phone NO and reading the If to the displayed callback that attached to or contained within text These phone specified the Callback phone or phone Text With Callback the memory the text memory If text memory flashing, text overwrites text that text from memory and text received, the text and text the text the location the the location CLR Text Memory callback phone appears the If while reading that YES prompting to the To to the and YES NO and reading the If to the displayed To the displayed phone YES Services or the callback phone through the callback phone that to appears, YES text the and or appear If there or callback the top right section of the
Not Inc. the pressing or the three and holding or sounds tone and appears the To the text of the following: phone prompting to the text (the to text Reading Text The text read. Existing text overwrit- Unread memory this The text read, If text text text the following of Text Press NO to and the treated as You the text memory If that read, and the text appear the Reading Unread Text Press YES to the incoming To the text Existing text written If text flash. You or The text and phone text memory the text tones sound, and appears the text or that that or Reading Text Immediately received. Reading Text Services Press or from the to the New Press or the highlighted. MESSAGES Press or the high- lighted. New Press YES to the MESSAGES Press YES to the the The and as Press YES to the or NO to It To the text
Not Inc. To the text to memory, and To the and to the The to To the and The CLR To to the previous The The to YES to through the Press YES to the Once the or You or through the three and holding or Press or from the to the Reading Text Press or the highlighted. phone when and phone the turned On. If service the the phone On. Service to the this phone sounds tone. If previously If phone turned On and when appears the or through the three or You With the through the and holding or Press or the to highlighted. MESSAGES Press or the high- lighted. Press or the highlighted. MESSAGES Press YES to the Press YES to the of Press YES to the Services and text and Text the following:
Not Inc. Press or from the to the Press or the MESSAGES high- lighted. Once and or holding To the phone shown, YES To and YES To to the NO appears that the opportunity to when this If The as displayed seconds, another Press NO or CLR to to the To or the highlighted. phone the Press appears the YES Selection Press to the YES Press to the MESSAGES YES If shown the appears the tone sounds and received and the the appears to that phone Services If there the the that that heard. To to these that displays when It to
Not Inc. Press or from the to the MESSAGES Press the highlighted. Press or the high- lighted. to the and YES To the You credit and holding YES MESSAGES Press YES to the If the to the Press and Press YES to selected Services
Not Inc. to the closed of the involved. To or with to the of the software the connected properly computers. While the cations the This chapter with or office telephone service. Rather than or or or and phone to and where the phone phone to to the to to phone allows to to the telephone necting to however, the the and software or the with properly to terminate the To or with phone and purchase that If service tions the Differences and ISP, the (ISP) when to or the World To software and to account with ISP and properly to Service and each type of and software that
Not Inc. imply that service The of service operation. To properly with the that the following and software: Once to ISP established, or disconnected to the of or to inactivity. Throughout this chapter, to to as You first-time of and the following operating that such as or access, or software Class from Class functional Initial that the and software You DA to as Accessory which includes interface to to The includes with the software operation, the following: and the of The other of the that matches the interface sory interface The DA that matches the to Confirm that service services If service chase that with and the that the
Not Inc. )as as or software started. You then ready to and If the phone and properly to the Troubleshooting chapter. and If trying to to interface You purchase interface supply stores. of the to and the other to the ERICSSONZ ERICSSONZ phone manually to To to that the and and If the instructions from service phone manually, the following: Press or from the to the PROFILES Press or the high- lighted. and as The software that operating the loaded, to the sections From Compact and and Accessory to the to the included DA section the of this chapter with Software this chapter. Press or the type the highlighted. and NextCallType Press or the highlighted. The selection indicated NextCallType Press YES to the PROFILES Press YES to the software to the instructions with
Not Inc. to initiate from when to the with phone the of this chapter with this phone and the The the and This useful You Then software to the of or section with operating Selection appears the to type incoming phone as as or software started. You then ready phone and properly to or initiate as with other and the each every incoming If to NextCallType The to Press YES to the highlighted type. from nected, phone and the from the from and or when interface to the previously selected Disconnecting With Other Accessories that the and the instructions from service and as as finished the NO software to To charges, terminate this automatically. phone disconnected. To charge with or charger operation, the following: or Charger and of the from DA Accessory and You While Connected to NextCallType the to You while phone
Not Inc. phone and to the previously selected To to phone phone from and software. the the of the from DA Accessory the the front of charger the Accessory the the other of the from DA the charger the of the from DA Accessory the the ERICSSONZ Both and operation. This should to of Charging Battery Performance To with charger operation, the following: Charger ERICSSONZ when the upright If the and the telephone when It to and You charge with as of the from DA Accessory the back of Accessory the the other of the from DA
Not Inc. Complete the following to the (INF From Turn On Compact when the to to and off the and from to another. or from vehicle tory when It to from vehicle. tions choose from from D:\ At the type the OK then CD-ROM the New appears, D, type the CD-ROM OK and New Accessory One of the the from DA appear: of to phone and the other to nearby, of strength. You would bothersome correction of the software used. operation, caused or people the phone to operation, the interruptions stationary interruptions of that that path. Disturbances and the appears, Once found the Next
Not Inc. that then properly From the Double-click the Select the CD-ROM and Next ready to the this Next appears, finished the that appears, Search the Select (recommended) Next and that then properly From the Double-click the the COM to which the appears, the of and the assigned. appear, to the Instructions the of this chapter. New If the the the COM to which the appears, the of and the assigned. of or OK Click to proceed. Complete the following to the INF of to phone and the other to Turn On OK Click to proceed. INF the following to manually the and Turn On appear, to the Instructions New If the the of this chapter. the from DA Accessory New the Next appears,
Not Inc. the COM to which the appears, the of and the assigned. then Double-click the OK Click to proceed. Troubleshooting then Double-click From the the New Dont At the Next then of to phone and the other to New Other At the Next Click Click This to or From the To the the follow- Select TDMA from when attempting or the You or Click that the the type the following: appear +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; then Double-click the Select the Select the to Click Click Advanced the New Dont At the from then Next D, type the CD-ROM from D:\ At the Copy from CD-ROM New ricsson At the Next then New At the and Select the COM to which Next phone connected and that properly installed. From the appears,
Not Inc. that service From the TDMA from the over-the-air service the type the following: OK Click to to the OK Click to to then Double-click the Select the Select the Select the Advanced Click Click the pull-down Click +COS=4,1,2,1; the following: If that its then type the following +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; that as From the from the the following the of the the Advanced OK Click to to the OK Click to to then Double-click the You Select the the Click Advanced Click Click *ERVNOK=1 OK Click to to the OK Click to to Click If that its own then type the following +COS=4,1,2,1; that as that as to COM If temporarily the software You initiating tions that using the COM from and You over-the-air To over-the-air If using that its own then type the following +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; that as
Not Inc. and
Not Inc. the SOUNDS to the that selected The when received. If to Group. The phone On. Charge or the battery. and Displayed and Explanations The too to when the or You Can This of its the phone The becomes slightly charging three phone with the function The to charge to Condition the and the charger to the battery. ity. You incorrect security the security phone searching service You which You geographic with trying of geographic locations where and service. the shows high service You Can the with or red. the phone off, The The light such as to memory text memory
Not Inc. the as geographic and coverage of This The If to with Customer the Customer North America, 1-800-ERICSSON from the following locations: If information or or would to purchase Accessories: the U.S.A., 1-800-ERICSSON Elsewhere, You Can