Communications AB Not Turning On and Information and Functions and the the Service Text (SMS) Incoming Security and More than One Network Preferences the Calling Card and The Profile Services Troubleshooting Product and and Warranty Declaration of Conformity Index
Please of the services this This to the GSM International Emergency AB Not Please or service whether service or You should the and and the Warranty chapters The products that they to the EMC 89/336/EEC, the Telecommunications 91/263/EEC, and the 73/23/EEC when The products the to the following Phones and Combination ETS EMC tions. Without Direct to EN compatibility, and EN (November This published AB without warranty. and to this graphical of information, or to and/or Communications AB and without rated editions of this rights AB Publication EN/LZT R1A Printed INNOVATRON PATENTS
AB Not light On/Off Microphone the phone the phone
AB Not (to Security screws Assembly You to the following to the SIM the to the phone charge the The SIM Card as with SIM (Subscriber Identity The SIM that of phone the services included and information, other things. SIM One the of credit and the other the credit card-sized SIM perforated that easily. the SIM as shown below. cover
the SIM Card the SIM to the back cover and the battery. AB Not Release the back screwing the rity screws the cover from the the the as shown the Release the SIM the of the arrow. the SIM
AB Not the SIM the that the the top right- corner. the and the tion of the arrow the the the phone and the the phone properly attached. the back cover to the phone screw- the security screws clockwise.
The PIN SIM with security known as PIN Identity which to the Every to PIN. You PIN the information from AB Not services that PIN, PIN2. You should with PIN, tection unauthorized of The Battery with lithium battery. The when there enough to switch the phone that charge the to three hours the the first charge the phone the back cover properly attached. to Charge the The that with whenever without affecting its performance. You charge the when the phone off. To that to charge the or it with sounds and the Attention! Battery appears the the light top of the phone flashing red. If Ericsson-approved battery, the and the of the You the The and the type of
tery and the Please that these and than shown the AB Not The phone off when the satisfactorily. Charging the Battery that the tery and the back cover attached to the the that covers the The the country. The other products than chargers. To the the continuously the the top of the shows steady light (or the phone switched the Charging shown the If charge that empty, or tery that the to the the other of the to the as shown the The the upwards.
while of charging the AB Not Ericsson-approved indicated Charging each charging the battery. the and the that Ericsson-approved with that Ericsson-approved reasons. These indicated the charging only the the charging process. You the while the charged. this lengthens the charging the charged, the the and the the top of the shows steady light. Disconnecting the Charger the charger from the the upwards. of Thanks to its the R310 to influences such as and shock. The of the protected with and from W.L. Gore Associates. The reinforced with to withstand treatment. the washed that the that the and the back cover properly attached, and that the properly attached.
the AB Not the the If the back cover, or the the cover or and the This as the protects the of the and the proof.
Turning On and AB Not Turning Press and the NO hear If PIN: Appears the SIM protected with PIN If PIN: appears the the PIN. If while PIN, the the C Press YES If PIN incorrectly three the SIM You PUK. The SIM Card If locked appears the phone The Network Search turned the phone (and PIN), the phone searches found, the phone three The light top of the phone flashes once every and abbreviated) appears the This You and reach
Initial The first to choose the type and the clock and information about these and other AB SIM the guage to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English To the If phone shows that to or English the following To the to If and the NO to to Press the arrow Press the arrow To the to English If and the NO to to Press the arrow Press the arrow Turning and the NO hear
Information and Functions AB Not the shows the of ator, the the and the Other appear incoming the clock and this chapter, learn about the Information The below shows and each which appear Explanation the of the Battery the of the battery. The locked. Missed You incoming to or only from received. Profile Another than chosen. off sound heard when The clock and
turned off, the and AB Not SMS You text You to the Service to the Service. Ciphering Ciphering currently the You appear its Graphics Functions The below the To and YES To and the To the from To choose or To the phone or off, and NO the To To To back the to or to unchanged. To back to and the
and To the To through and AB Not C (Clear) To and from the To the microphone and the To the phone and the from To item from To the The the international To and the To the phone and of the To through using shortcuts. To when writing SMS. To To and lower-case (Hash) To To increase or the of the and or To the or To and of the To through the To the information about the functions the through the
and AB Not this chapter, that turned phone and that within of If abroad, other that allows to this. Network the and the Press YES countries While counter and the If and the of the the the Cost Press NO to the Previously Called the that or To Press YES to the Press or to choose the to Press YES to the
information, the AB Not If the when first and the shows Retry? the YES to the answered. the connected, hear or You to the to ear hear the and International Press and the appears. The the international of the country from which calling. the country (without the leading and phone Press YES Emergency (the international Press YES The international normally country, with or without SIM GSM within that SIM and that the PIN as the international Retry?
the phone and the shows AB Not If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the the the the If the and the the shown. If the incoming restricted the shows Withheld If the without CLI service, Unknown shown. Press YES Rejecting Press NO or, the or the of the The shows tone The hears tone this the If the to the specified. Incoming Ciphering Ciphering built-in that and the to shown the to that ciphering currently the
AB Not phone which might helpful while the You easily the of the the of the To the Press UP to increase the Press DOWN to the the Microphone If wish, turn the microphone off To the microphone off temporarily Press and the C Muted appears the To release the C of and holding the C the To Press YES appears the To YES To telephone services or to to These as tone known as DTMF tones or tones). With these If and these and characters as tone You or together with Telephone
Services to the phone AB Not The If to of phone as To the the to the the the the or, to to the phone You the the the the to hear the tones. If wish, the tones off Turn off Tones Checking Duration or of the normally shows the and seconds. the displayed instead. This and SIM tion. the Cost If the hear once as of the of the More than One phone of than You the and then or You with to people. More than One
the Communications AB Not You the You the every to such as the You the to the of to the clock, phone numbers, The which and through with the and or shortcuts. Each of options. with options. Graphics You the or At the top of the there each these, there within the indicating The below and each and of text and Info and information. and clock and other of
Shortcuts selection of AB Not You Missed Indicates the the and Indicates the Indicates the memory Indicates that phone the memory. Indicates that group. Unread SMS Indicates that text read. Indicates that checked. Indicates that the SIM Indicates that phone ory the SIM memory. Indicates that recorded the phone only. Indicates that recorded the and Indicates that recorded the and the
AB Not Moving through the There of through the with or shortcuts Scrolling or Press... or through or right or through or or YES back the NO or back to and the item from C information about to Once the and the or or and of the reach the or that instead of the or repeatedly. Preferred Indicates that network and used. Indicates that network and used. Indicates that appear text Indicates Indicates that the or phone
Shortcuts to through the to the shortcuts. You the of the or to which to first to the or To back to and NO as AB Not to the and function to and to the first the Shortcuts to and the this of them and of this, the shortcut To the Instructions the instructions this the and to the functions and the to and The following instruction to the sound to To the sound to YES Sounds YES Sound YES Select the instruction as follows: From the or to to the Press YES to the the The of the that chosen shown the top of the
Press YES to the Sounds (You to with the arrow this the first the or to to the Communications AB Not Sound Press YES to the or to to Press YES to the the sound to To back to and the NO This to the instruction as when shortcuts: To the sound Press or to the Press to the Press to the Sounds Press to the Sound Select Text through the the The following hints Black text within the top the chosen. Inverted text the If YES this or this
Grey text function that temporarily to or to which Text with the or selected. Text with the selected. AB Not the shown text when active. they shown text Shortcuts You the Shortcuts this and easily reach the Shortcuts which wish. You from another to Shortcuts To to Shortcuts to Shortcuts YES Shortcuts YES Select from the the this Press YES If to another and To from Shortcuts and Press YES to the to the first the Shortcuts to and
To the and of the phone includes that the AB Not These to On when them off To the or off to YES YES Functions YES YES Select On or
Please that of the and AB Not Switch to Shortcuts Select Profile Stopwatch Switch to Release Active* Turn off Tones* Next Incoming Switch Release Clock Stopwatch Sounds and Networks Profiles Counters Clear Missed Credit Templates Items New Service and Memory Calling Cards Info and and
Personal AB You and accompanying easy to the phone or Creating creating phone there things to You to learn about the to the with the tional and to You and the memory the SIM the phone memory first the SIM The of memory SIM the memory allows to the the SIM when when SIM another the memory, they to SIM cards. The memory which when SIM International If to both and abroad, to as international numbers, with the (which
the international the country from) the country the and the phone Communications AB Not To international Press and to the the leading the You when the and when (SMS). Text (SMS) Press the or repeatedly the character appears the Press to C To once. To To lower-case the and then appears. Lower-case appear To numbers, and
To and numbers, the C You the as shortcut to To the and To C the and AB Not You chose another alphabet and holding Together with Every phone that You the together with to to track of phone numbers. To together with to YES YES of appears. Select New? or of the from the YES that to (including the and the country and YES that to with the phone and YES You three To the the first YES To the another C to the and YES To the the phone memory, to know SIM You this Memory the If, SIM,
to the phone memory. AB Not If turned to to phone entry. to If to to or that already the to option. To turn the to function or off to YES YES Functions YES to YES Select On or the Calling service. Calling the You the with or the the that The of searching and the chosen, or To choose to YES YES Sort YES Select To the to YES and YES the or the (or the first of the associated with the that to Press YES If the displayed the
or the and Press YES to the AB Not to the and function to and Shortcuts to by: the pressing and holding of the to with and to the first with the A (or lowing). Once the of phone or to through the or tion or to to entry. You the that the memory the and then YES the Press YES to the the to You to the and the phone from to You to the of Editing the You to the phone that to You the or the Calling the
To to YES and YES the or the of the that to Press YES If the the or the and Press YES to the Select the and YES the or to the the AB Not C to the and YES the and YES Protection If to which already the appears together with the that You To the the selected Press YES to the with the To the Press NO the Press YES to the the the Card Memory SIM appears to the From the phone memory. If including the phone memory to that already and YES
To from the memory to YES and YES the or the of the that to and YES (This the or Press YES Select Press YES to choice. Communications AB Not To from the phone memory to YES YES The memory? appears. Press YES the phone or another that chosen yourself). the phone memory Telephone Services If telephone services, the of service together with or only. You to the and the You and holding the ally, each to about to and It to the To phone with to YES YES YES the phone and the the character appears the the and If required, the and
the that to with the and and YES Press YES to If to the than the Together with AB Not To with tone as Calling the the the the the and then the If another and another the and To to YES YES YES the and another and Press YES that to with and YES Press YES to these from the and them. To the to YES and YES the (or first or of and YES Press YES to the The allows to of phone this text to the Text (SMS)
To to YES YES YES the and YES to YES Select To the YES AB Not To to existing to YES YES Select the that to to YES YES Select phone To from to YES YES Select the that to Select to the that to and C Press YES to choice. To to YES YES Select the that to Select Press YES to choice. You to when to as Text (SMS) You each consisting of characters. To to YES YES YES and YES and YES
The the three AB Not To to YES YES Select the that to Select the and YES the and YES To to YES YES Select the that to Select Press YES to choice. Checking the of the The Memory function phone memory To the of to YES Memory YES or to through the
the AB Not The phone that information phone and about the incoming and outgoing Once the What The that If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the network the the (together with phone of and the If the restricted the shows Withheld If the incoming without CLI service, Unknown shown. The the together The the first If the than once, the earlier ones. If within hours, the of the displayed. the the Missed
If SIM or the off, the cleared. Called the SIM memory though. AB Not To from the to Info YES YES to the that to and YES Press YES when the phone to directly to the To from the to Info YES YES to the to and C The appears the Press YES to the To clear the to Info YES Clear YES The Clear? appears the Press YES to clear the To the or off to Info YES YES YES Select On or If the Clear? appears the Press YES to clear the Missed If the Missed appears where the the of Press YES to the If to from the Missed YES the to Missed
You the Missed the Info Missed the To to the AB Not Showing offer where phone normally You choose to or Calling Restriction service (CLIR) To phone the phone to to YES YES Press YES to the To phone the to to YES YES Press YES to the
Service AB Not This service and The service of allows to when that received inform indication. If this the the appears the however, inform text SMS), to Service. information about and reading text information about please to the information Communicating With Service If phone to easily interact with Service, the to Service. You the the information To to YES YES YES and YES The to Service from that
Calling sounds and the New appears the the indication). If to YES to Service. AB Not If NO Service to to recorded To Service to YES YES You Service and holding from and To to YES YES YES Press and C to the existing and YES To the to YES YES YES Select the If to the Service, You options the incoming to to and connected. information about Service found the operating instructions
AB Not You choose to completely that the and turned off. To the phone From and C On? appears To and YES off? You the The first that clicks heard when You the off then appears To the to YES Sounds YES YES The of the appears the to increase the to The once with the as increase the Press YES to the the the of the phone to the of the silently. Increasing You choose that from the to the Increasing
To the to Increasing to YES Sounds YES Increasing Communications AB Not YES Select On The Increasing the to apply. If the phone to the increasing heard. You choose from of sounds and You to four of with the To choose of the to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the type that If to other the the of the phone to silently. and If to the Service, the L1 and L2 played instead of and SIM and and respectively. If includes the Calling (CLI) service, to to callers. You and another
If the of to specified, then that used. AB Not You include that from phone and the You and To and the accompanying to YES Sounds YES YES YES YES the and YES You from the the type To to YES Sounds YES YES YES to the to and YES Select Composing You four To to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select or Press C to clear the the to The as
Press and to Press to the Press once to the Press to the To to YES Press YES to or NO to Communications AB Not You choose to of incoming the of the You the to of the following: On the On If when the turned off or when the to the phone charger or the turned off matically. To the to YES Sounds YES YES Select the You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when or text (SMS). To the to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the
You the the AB Not To the the clock to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the Sound You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when the To the sound to YES Sounds YES Sound YES Select the sound If the hear once To the or off to YES Sounds YES YES Select On or You the the Info Turn off Tones If of the as The The to hear the tone as the If to, the tone off. You the tones or off
To the tone off to YES Select Turn off Tones Communications AB To the tone to YES Select Turn Tones Light You the light to off or the light turned off cally seconds the It when or when or To the light to YES YES Light YES Select the light SIM the guage to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English. To the to YES YES Select the You choose You choose Text Ericsson appears the Instead of this, write their
To write to YES YES YES Select Custom the information to You Press YES to AB Not To the to YES YES YES Select To turn the off to YES YES YES Select allows to number(s). If phone from SIM yourself. To to YES YES YES YES the and then YES You and/or and and these The displayed when the To the to YES and YES Format YES Select the 24-hour or 12-hour clock.
To the clock to YES and YES YES the hours and and YES from to or If the 12-hour clock, and AB Not With the function, whether to the clock when You choose to the function off, To the off to YES and YES YES Select This service the the of the to the To the to YES and YES Format YES Select the To the to YES and YES YES the month and and then YES If chosen another the differently. Functions To the of features, includes
appear or to whether to AB Not These to On when them off To function off to YES YES Functions YES Select the function to off. Select You the to the they when bought To the phone to YES YES the phone and YES The phone another
Text (SMS) AB Not The Short Service (SMS) allows to and text consisting of to characters. phone that text to which phone of or text to the of that SMS. If SIM the phone to service specify the yourself. to or own the to SMS below. The Short Service allow SMS to within their the to SMS If to or to to that Service SIM already this informa- tion the of purchase. You the service from network To service found the to YES YES Service YES to the and YES Select If found the to the yourself.
To the phone to service to YES YES Service AB Not YES YES the including the international and country and YES Composing Text information to text and the To once. To To lower-case the and then appears. Lower-case appear To numbers, and To and numbers, the C You the as shortcut to To the and To C the and You chose another pressing and holding New Text to YES New YES and YES the phone or from the phone Press YES to the appears the If turned of the On options Reply
to these choices the Text AB Not the If to the the phone memory and Press NO when to The from the the To the to YES YES Select the to The appears the Press YES Select If wish, Press YES and from as New Text The with of with to which Text to With text to group. You to specify and text to group. information to To text to to YES New YES and YES Press to the
to and YES Select the and AB YES to the text to group, each included that group. Text the of the and the of to to phone of service offer the facility of text that the that to the Please to which and You type that to or option, which that to which type to To type to YES YES YES YES Select the type The selected type To function or off to YES YES YES YES Select On or
If the turned off the service the to If the service to reach the within the AB Not You as or option, which that to the the To as to YES YES YES YES Select the The selected To the function or off to YES YES YES YES Select On or Reply to If the of to reply, the Reply option. this function to choose the to or If the to reply, On and YES To the Reply function or off to YES YES Reply YES Select On or Not these Templates If or that these as Templates to whenever
You to templates which of characters each. templates the phone memory. AB Not To template to YES Templates YES YES the and YES information to Composing Text If to the YES when appears the and as New Text The the of If to the NO The as template To template to YES Templates YES Select the template to You the New Text completed the YES the Press YES to the To template to YES Templates YES Select the to and then C The appears the Press YES to the hear the light the top of the flashes and the New appears the New
To the Press YES when the New AB Not The shows when the and from what the Calling service (CLI). If the together with the the shown instead. through the the arrow forwards and backwards through the arrow the right of the that there text the At the of the when the arrow the YES with options appears: Reply Next The options the following If the of the to reply, the Reply Reply? appears the when YES this function If to reply, NO To the Press NO when the New The the memory and appears the top of the The as as the If to the from the below).
Calling Press YES when the highlighted Select AB Not Calling the of the the YES Select the option If the together with the phone the of the who the appears together with Replying to the YES Select Reply the option Select what to as or include this when replying). and YES to the If the of the to reply, the Reply Reply? appears the this function when YES the of the Press YES to reply. If to reply, NO the YES Select the option You completed YES the Press YES to the the YES Select the option
You C while reading The appears the Press YES to the AB Not You from the of the without to To from the the Inbox to YES YES Select the to and C The appears the Press YES to the Incoming If to once, the memory. This allows to If there this memory, the appears the top of the The memory to memory the written when received. If the phone memory becomes of the SIM the memory them, SIM or the phone the memory to The SIM Card Memory You SIM that the SIM there them, they The of that SIM
To the SIM memory the YES Select the option The from the memory to the SIM memory. The shows the of the and the of the third of that the SIM Communications AB Not If the SIM reach them should SIM with another Reading to YES YES that the the SIM Select the to read. the as If to the YES the of the Select Read Next the option Information The ordinary Short Service service that The Information another type of text which to subscribers The information or to This
To turn Information or off to YES YES Info YES AB Not Reception YES Select On or Information Each type of Information three-digit The below shows of the information that AI Index Newsflashes Doctors reports reports Weather District information Network information services Directory Directory (international) Customer Customer (international) These informa- tion about the information services that please to the information
Information You which of information to The of Info that SIM Communications AB Not To Information to YES YES Info YES YES YES the and YES To the to YES YES Info YES YES Select the to and C The appears the Press YES to the Information the appears the You the the as ordinary text the YES The Information The information Information to their subscribers within the inform that within and that This To Information or off to YES YES Information YES Select On or
Incoming AB Not If to that correctly when to them, the service to them to another The service The service and respectively and choose the following alternatives: already the that within specified Reply turned off or Not Reachable These If to the Service, and You then phone and the phone to another this indicated Similarly, when incoming which from another this indicated
Activating To to YES YES AB Not YES to the to Reply, Not Reachable, or and YES Select phone recently the function or recently the as the phone including the to which to and then YES If to numbers, C If the the to Press and then the the shown the Restricted function options activated. Security and To to YES YES YES to the to and YES Select The Please appears, followed which informs that the
Checking the To the of to YES YES AB Not YES to the to and YES Select The Please appears, which informs whether the or To the of to YES YES YES YES
Security and AB There to phone and tion from unauthorized from SIM to phone The SIM Card The SIM protects and from unauthorized If SIM cards, the phone with the SIM SIM the of purchase. If the SIM to the PIN Identity If PIN incorrectly three the SIM This indicated the PIN If this to to To SIM PIN appears. PUK (or PUK2) which the information network Press YES four- to PIN (or PIN2). Press YES the PIN (or PIN2) to Press YES If the PUK permanently If this should
To PIN to YES YES Card YES AB Not PIN YES PIN and YES PIN and YES The phone to the PIN. PIN and YES The PIN If the match appears, this the PIN incorrectly. If the PIN appears, followed PIN: PIN incorrectly. To PIN to YES YES Card YES PIN2 YES Follow the as To PIN To off the SIM to YES YES Card YES tection YES YES PIN and YES The Unlocked confirms that the off. This SIM allows to the lock. To the SIM to YES YES Card YES tection YES On YES PIN and YES The confirms that the
The The phone protects the phone unauthorized and the SIM exchanged. It when the You the to four- to AB Not The phone On or If the On the appears each turn the You to YES to If the to to SIM the the correctly, the phone with the SIM You to the phone the SIM or SIM the to YES YES YES YES Follow the To PIN It that If should to to To the phone to or off to YES YES Protection YES Select On or the phone and YES The shown.
The The to which phone You choose and AB Not the of the informs that the locked. to the international when the locked. If the off The the battery, the The To the manually Press C the appears and then or to Keylock and YES To the Press C and then or YES to the Turn off The that seconds, the locked. To the to YES YES YES Select On and YES The the phone connected to vehicle The service allows to of to and received.
This service or AB Not The following restricted: outgoing outgoing international Intl outgoing international to country, Intl Incoming incoming when (when Inc when To that restriction which with to or restriction. You the as often as To restriction to YES YES YES to the option and YES Select or and YES The Please appears, followed which informs whether the restriction or If options. Incoming To to YES YES YES YES and YES The Please appears, followed confirming that
To the of restriction to YES YES AB Not YES to the option and YES Select The Please appears, which informs whether the restriction or To the to YES YES YES YES the and YES the and YES the and YES The Please appears, that the of restricting outgoing It SIM that allows to The normally protected PIN2. SIM The function allows to to the SIM If to other numbers, the appears the It to numbers, or the first to numbers. allows to to with with the international and country allowing to abroad.
which include should as To and Communications AB Not The service to the international To the service or off to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select On or To to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES the and YES the to with the and YES To to YES YES to the that to and YES Select PIN2 and YES the and YES the and YES the and YES To to YES YES to the that to and YES Select PIN2 and YES The
Closed The (CUG) function another of lowering It and Not this function. AB Not On cheaper to within group. You of To Closed to YES YES YES YES YES the of the Closed and YES the of the and YES The To Closed to YES YES Closed YES YES to the to and YES within the selected group. To Closed You whether outgoing to allowed. to YES YES Closed YES YES Select On To the CUG to YES YES Closed YES YES to the that to and YES Select and YES
To from the CUG to YES YES Closed AB Not YES YES to the that to and YES Select With the service, choose to from numbers. Other cally rejected You to the that to The rejected the the Info the the service to From as To to the to YES YES YES YES YES This to Select To the to It to choose within phone To from the to YES YES YES YES to the to and C To the to YES YES YES YES To from the to YES YES YES YES Select From
from the the shown AB Not To to YES YES YES YES Select From One incoming rejected. The hears tone and tion of incoming shown To from to YES YES YES YES Select From You as To the function to YES YES YES YES The that with
More than One AB Not phone allows to than taneously. This that that while or and then switch the You Conference to with to You or of while other people to the You while to privately. Conference The Waiting Service If to to while another turn the Waiting service. The Waiting service If or hear incoming Incoming rejected. To the Waiting service to YES YES Waiting YES YES There the the the Please played. This followed the Waiting Activated To the Waiting service to YES YES Waiting YES YES
To whether the Waiting service or to YES YES Waiting AB Not YES YES the YES the to and YES You the from phone and holding You only If the Waiting service hear tone the ear- The or of the normally shown the top of the together with of the and Release&answer If the restricted the shows Withheld If the incoming without CLI service, Unknown shown. You of the following: the and the Press YES to the The the and the active the and the Select The rejected. If the the hears If the to the specified. the and the Select Release&answer
One Active and One On active and of the following: AB Not Switch the Press YES the active and to the Press NO The appears. Press YES If NO the both to YES Release YES the to YES YES The connected to each other, and from both The service the Conference to YES YES Conference below. Third If the Waiting service third when active and From without to You hear tone the and and Release&answer appear the You of the following:
the and the Select Release&answer The becomes active and the Communications AB Not the Select The third rejected. the network this function, the hears below. Conference The Conference service with than ordinary hear each other the You include to Creating Conference To active and To the to YES YES You created (with yourself, the active and as New to the Conference You the and then To Press YES to the the to include the group.
to YES YES You include to the repeating to AB Not To the the to YES Conf YES The first phone displayed, If the and phone the instead. the shows with to the other Conversation with One of the If to with of the that from the ference and the other To to YES YES Select the that to To the to the to YES YES Releasing from the Conference You release from the or once. To release to YES Release YES Select the that to release. To release to YES Release YES
while Conference You the and another You then switch the and the AB Not To the and Press YES the to and YES To switch the and the Press YES To the and to the Press NO and then YES the Conference Press NO
Network Preferences AB Not Searching Networks the searches the If this within another that allows to This The of which the phone chooses of SIM includes of functions that searches You choose from those within To to YES Networks YES Network YES If there than within to the and YES to To search to YES Networks YES New Search YES The phone searching to the of SIM
Information The currently with Together with the the following information the AB Not The shows... other without they included the or SIM they used. The of the SIM If such within it when the searches search If and to that allows to the this though the displayed. of Networks You and that which phone network selection, when network within You appear The of the included of SIM You this The of the included of SIM You allowed to this
The of that the SIM AB Not You the and rearrange the of the You to the and from To the of to YES YES Preferred YES The of the first displayed. or to through the the To to YES YES YES to and YES Select To to the to YES Networks YES YES YES to the that to and YES If the appear the to Other and YES the three-digit and the and YES and YES shifted the To from the to YES Networks YES YES to the that to and YES
To rearrange the to YES Networks YES AB Not YES to the that to and YES Select Priority the within the and YES Search searches This the search that to search search that searches the first. If this searches another within search that searches the first. If this the appears. You then to choose as Searching To the search to YES YES Search YES YES To the search to YES YES Search YES YES
the AB Not the of the shown the the the information shown another three seconds. If to information, the (or the of instead of the or The Info allows to the or of To the of the to Info YES YES the or to information) of the To the of outgoing to Info YES YES To the to Info YES YES To the to Info YES YES To the to Info YES Counters YES Select or Press YES to the or If to information, PIN2 to clear the or counter.
the The function and specify the The SIM AB Not This service and If the of displayed and and the Info To the to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select the the currency GBP and then YES the and YES To the To to to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Units Credit If both and SIM this amount of money that This when phone to and their to amount which the deducted from this amount. the amount reaches the of to where from, what of the and the credit
To credit to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Credit the amount, pounds, and then YES Communications AB Not To credit to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Unlimited? If the credit to Unlimited, the counter from and increases.
AB Not If the Service, with and ices. This to business and the of the and their You text (SMS) the currently chosen outgoing To the of to YES YES YES Select and YES to to choose which to Incoming received both spective of the currently chosen. To to YES Select Switch to or Switch to From outgoing this Each You each the or You each the or each respectively.
AB Not allows the and when nected to To to YES hear the associated with that and phone the To or or to If, reason, turned off, to To to YES YES YES Select On ready to Once turned to every phone Together with to To when recording
To existing phone to YES YES AB Not YES Select to which to the tone and the that to The played back to Press YES to the recorded. If the recording OK, appears to those phone which You the You and the To with vehicle to the when nected to vehicle phone recorded the phone the and information about the Recording If of the follow- might too softly the too should around too or too the tone back to of To phone
to and Editing phone allows to to and of the that AB Not To to and/or the phone to YES YES to the that to The played back to Press YES Select to the or to the recorded to the instructions. You to and/or and the Playback If recorded phone the played back to the when through the phone or and reach this when from the to this when this the connected) To Press and YES hear Release YES and that recorded The played back to and the connected. Instead of and holding YES as and of the
connected to or vehicle or AB Not to turn the function and To to YES YES YES On You to to commands. Press YES to Follow the instructions the the and YES to recording. the microphone of the If the recording OK, the and YES to record- If other instead of and To incoming the the The played back to and the connected. To incoming the the The played back to and the rejected, the hears information about and Vehicle free
Calling Card AB Not international or to charge these account. If or to redirect the charges to of these accounts instead. The Calling service redirect the charges to account or to account. You These protected four- to phone the to You the to that choose yourself. The You the Calling service when or Activating the Calling Card Service To to to the service. To the Calling service to YES YES CallingCards YES phone and YES Select On The Calling service and the Calling Cards the Calling Card You To to YES Calling Cards YES and YES
Select the of the and YES that to with and YES the of the and YES Select whether to the that to or the first and YES to choice. AB service the information the To to YES Calling Cards YES to the that to and YES Select The appears the Press YES The To to YES Calling Cards YES to the that to and YES Select You the Press YES to the You the and Choosing Card If numbers, choose which to
To to YES Calling Cards YES and YES Select the that to Select AB Not Calling Card the phone of or from the and Press and YES The of the and the phase, to the phone of the that to and the the chosen earlier To the and the phase, YES when the shows or seconds and they cally. connected to
and AB Not To to services the software such as or and and initiated from the software. To and to phone to of and then the and The of and and If and this to as This that to three If types, this to as and If and the type of incoming shown the There from The shows the type of To or to the the from within the software automatically).
You incoming or the YES the phone the NO AB Not and If SIM that and numbers, the the type of incoming Next Incoming If to or to the phone to of these options the Next Incoming You this that and Once incoming this The To the type to YES Next Incoming YES Select the type or
AB Not Clock The clock, which useful when shown the The the and the flashes, the turned off. The of the increasing, the attached and The seconds and repeated every off. the function turned off automatically. To the of the to YES Clock YES the Press YES to To the to YES Clock YES New YES the Press YES to To the off Press to the off when If the to repeated, YES To off the function to YES Clock YES Select You the Clock and the
The phone built-in which tract, and Press to Press C to to the of the Press to AB Not To the this to to YES YES Press repeatedly the appears. Press YES to the To clear the C Stopwatch The phone built-in stopwatch to activity. To the stopwatch to YES Stopwatch YES Press YES to the Press YES to To the stopwatch Press C when the stopwatch when the stopwatch to Press or to If incoming or or text while the stopwatch the stopwatch turned off. If the the turned off.
The built-in 24-hour You the and when that sounds. AB Not To the to YES YES the and YES The countdown The shown the sounds, to off. To when the to YES YES New YES the and YES The countdown The shown the sounds, to turn off. To off the to YES YES Select The when the turned off. There each as to started. The of to the from reaching the top. Each the To to YES YES YES appears the To Select
Press to of choosing with to High-score or AB Not To the or the or the right or or C NO The of to four of cards, from to The The or facing If the top revealing the face-down or of with to of built and the of hearts the of or The the You these The the the or the of the and To to YES YES YES appears the To New (or played of choosing with to or
To the Select Confirm Turn from (selection and AB
The Profile AB Not phone includes of of which to when to choose the and of that choose automatically. when phone vehicle the chosen. information activation of Accessories The Profiles There Normal phone to of the to the Normal You the of the included or accessory to You the of the Normal and accessory to the Normal information to accessory to Accessories to
To which of the AB Not The below shows the of each Increasing On On On On From From From From From From Calling Cards Light On L1 L1 L1 L1 L1 L1 On On On Activation HF free You choose manually. To manually to YES Profiles YES Select Profile YES Select the Normal H- free
You Select Profile the Shortcuts The to reach this to and AB Not If choose other than Normal shown which associated with sory, such as or Normal, chosen manually, activation The associated with chosen automatically. Accessories the You the and the to wishes. To the of to YES Profiles YES Profile YES and YES To to YES Profiles YES Profile YES of the appears. Select YES the to wishes. information, the Security and Subscription Calling Card 96and Accessories If which included the updated. With the Profiles tion, back to the they when bought To the to YES Profiles YES Profiles YES The
AB Not together with to of useful features, to those when the phone rately. and This that the The Profiles The Profile allows to to when together with accessory. On the following information interact with and its You of the when of the or when choose another Every phone from the accessory, the to the which active the activated automatically. the associated with accessory to automatically, the activation the activation to On the and If wish, off. To activation or off to YES Profiles YES Activation, YES On or
You choose manually, activated automatically. The AB Not to the the H-free automatically. This that to the the H-free The Profile If phone to switch matically when to the to the activation off. To this, the H-free and the to off. the To incoming the phone the once. You To Press the once. If the Waiting service The Waiting the To Press the once to the The the the and the first automatically.
To the Press and the hear Release the and that recorded previously. The played back to and the nected. AB to phone performance when and with recording when connected to Advanced free to the the automatically. This that to the specified the The Profile If to switch matically when to the Advanced to the Activation off. To this, manually the and the Activation to off. Advanced should professional informa- tion, please The Advanced with its which allows to: the and
to to and the function to To with the to the the phone the the and AB Not The vehicle to The the phone with when connected to vehicle slightly from those that the To the Press and YES or and of the hear Release and that recorded the the microphone of the The played back to and the nected. To If Unit, choose which phone This the that the phone the This that the as the the other of the this only properly.
that the phone the This increases the of to to Communications AB Not to properly, phone to the sound around the This might this learning phase, the to might hear of his or own the sound from the the microphone this pears as the other If the than the first instead. the type to first. If the type instead. To the type to YES YES YES Select the type or choose to incoming with or If the with and this function turned incoming the NO If choose the the with
To to YES YES AB Not YES Select If choose the Normal to as You the function. With to This the and PC If to the with that 95/98/NT PC which allows to the and SMS and the or to connected the to the appears the information, please to Profile You or to The the first accessory when connected and switches automatically. associated with activated automatically. from the and with
accessory to choose the manually to which to the accessory. To manually AB Not To accessory to to YES Profiles YES YES the of the which already to the accessory? the of that to the Select accessory. The activation appears, activation Press YES to activation which that the chosen when the accessory connected. to the and vehicle another to accessory this as ordinary You the sory associated with To accessory from to YES Profiles YES YES to the accessory that to and C appears. Press YES
Services AB Not that hear about service that offering. You that to to the service and within seconds, that instantly the service. You software to to SIM The of the This of the services that through the Services. The phone services offered the Services. What Services? The Services the of offer- services, of and services based the Services things to phone that the Services. such offering the Services. The Services the SIM and and If further information about the Services, please New SIM which the Services the as SIM
SIM and turned to SIM the first and restarting the SIM offers the The offers and services, which instantly. AB Not On this appears the There the there the To to YES Services YES If appear, the that and YES Press NO to back to the the this Please information. Proactive SIM The Services SIM. This that the SIM the to These actions showing text from the SIM the to the SIM initiating with the these actions the SIM and, they nothing to with the software. Download to the SIM the to SIM the This of or
SIM Card the SIM the the showing You hear AB Not SIM to to off phone and then the phone and to This and SIM Card Initiated The SIM to This already this the sound and showing the If shown the whether to and the SIM initiated If to the SIM initiated YES If to the SIM initiated NO If already to the or to appears the whether to and the SIM initiated If to the SIM initiated YES If to the SIM initiated to with the NO
SIM Card Initiated SMS The SIM SMS (text and to this the Press YES to the SMS. AB Not of Services services and functions that with the Please network of services offered the ices.
AB Not Several phone to the functionality and the of to of the that phone and from the The of the tions. To... this: the YES when when and YES and of when the and when the to tional the when and C the and C reach phone the when and reach with of the and YES and when and of when the when
To... this: and and when AB Not YES YES the when or the or when through and of when the or the or when the YES item when and C back to and NO when the the first of the Shortcuts which of the when using the to the when guage to English reach the or character of reach the third or character of and when when the and of the when the and of the when
To... this: lower-and AB Not and of when the once when the when and the the when and and when and when C and to through the to You the of the or to which to Shortcuts and To the sound To and easily reach the the Short- Shortcuts information about tions through the and and when
Troubleshooting AB Not This chapter that might while that service of the easy to yourself. Card There SIM the or incorrectly. SIM The SIM Card Correct Card The phone to with SIM cards. the SIM SOS You within of allowed to allow to the international Emergency Network There within or the too You to to that enough. PIN, PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly. the PIN or PIN2, and YES The SIM Card SOS PIN
match to security PIN) to firm the The that match. The SIM Card AB Not PIN/PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly three To The SIM Card You (PUK) incorrectly or service The locked. To the The with the You to four-to The The function and the of Battery Charging The using and charging reasons. match PIN charging
The Switched or the battery. The Battery AB Not that the phone properly its Other Indication of Charging charging that or that of charging. of while. Indication of Missed To to the
AB Not the and of and information, the the The service to to and informa- tion quickly, wherever It to services, services, and other information. With the software to the of products. The
Product and AB Not phone sophisticated To the of phone this text about and Product Although the to and the phone to If to recommended that tly that tery the and that the cover and the properly screwed and that or the to other than to other than to of formance, fire, shock or injury. The warranty cover which caused of non-Ericsson to the Doing the warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized only. The phone withstand or the and/or the cover and/or the properly connected.
of the battery, SIM and should that the To the accessory, that the phone the phone to sory. AB Not and To impaired performance please or the yourself. If please to Authorized Service that specifically Unauthorized modifications, or the and the and the warranty and the phone To performance with please: the phone as would other While directly the mouthpiece, the and If the should the when the phone the affects quality, the to higher than and and If with the and that other
and AB phone and receiver. the and (RF) the type of phone operates and commonly The that when phone the which to (RF) The International Radiation Protection (ICNIRP), the World Health (WHO), published and which recommended to RF from telephones. According to ICNIRP which based the of research, there that terminals the recommended health effects. telephones to the ICNIRP and other international such CENELEC ENV50166-2:1995 ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, AS/NZS (Int):1998 New
the and the of the where If to while please: to countries vehicle the instructions vehicle off the and or AB Not RF vehicles such as tion, vehicle allow of the with their vehicles. with vehicle to that phone the vehicle. with inflates with force. including or wireless the the or the If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious Devices and shielded from RF therefore: phone without the operation of implanted and other medically implanted should that the of
to might the to malfunction. the phone the breast the ear the If of the phone and the the of interference If reason to that interference immediately off information. AB Not hearing might the of such to service or the service to alternatives. Aircraft Turn off craft. the ground without To interference with while the the Turn off when or off to with operations. Construction crews often RF to off Potentially Atmospheres Turn off when with tially atmosphere. It or its such or fire or death.
with atmosphere clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and where the chemicals or such as or AB Not or or the of vehicle, which and AC supply) to as the the AC Supply) and clean It allowed to the to other item than supply To reduce of to the cord, from the outlet holding the AC rather than the cord. the that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. To reduce of shock, the from attempting to then cloth. Children allow children to with phone that become and ate Emergency IMPORTANT! This operates using and as as
which Therefore should phone tions Communications AB Not to or the switched and service with strength. Emergency or when services and/or phone with service
Warranty AB Not Thank purchasing this Product. To of the of that follow the and the terms and of ranty. You warranty Should Product service, should to the from whom purchased or to further information. Warranty warrants this Product to from and workmanship the of its chase and of the Product covered warranty of from the of its chase What If, the warranty this Product to and service, to or workmanship, authorised or authorised service its option, or the Product with the terms and Conditions The warranty the issued to the
purchaser the specifying the of purchase and with the to repaired or replaced. the right to refuse warranty service this information or the purchase of the from the If repairs or the Product, the repaired or Product warranted the of the warranty or from the of whichever or functionally reconditioned or become the property of Ericsson. This warranty cover of the Product to wear and tear, including to other than the and customary with instructions and of the Product, tion or acts of and from This warranty cover to installations, or service non-Ericsson authorised service or of the non-Ericsson author- ised The warranty cover which caused of non-Ericsson warranted only below of rated capacity. This warranty becomes the non-Ericsson chargers. with of the the products the warranty. THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OTHER THAN AB Not
THIS PRINTED LIMITED WARRANTY. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PAR- TICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ERICSSON BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS OR COM- MERCIAL LOSS. TO THE FULL EXTENT THOSE DAMAGES CAN BE DISCLAIMED BY LAW. AB Not countries allow the or of or or of the of warranties, the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from country to country.
Declaration of Conformity AB Not AB of responsibility that type 1101-BV to which this conforms to the ate TBR TBR TBR31, TBR32, ETS and EN following the of 91/263/EEC EMC 89/336/EEC, and 73/23/EEC October of
AB Not
AB Not to service. information Assembling the Barring Battery charging C credit specifying activating from using the service activating Calling from Calling Calling services activating Calling (CLI) rejecting switching CB. information broadcast. information phone Charging the charger Choosing Conference creating extracting releasing text light
information activating DTMF tones Emergency and receiving activating text the SMS International AB Not International the chosing shortcuts (SMS) Microphone Missed Missed microphone Network search selecting services
phone international to memory memory overwrite protection shortcuts activating/cancelling the security SMS replying to PIN PIN2 the phone Profile of Profiles activation selecting PUK (SMS) Rejecting (SMS) AB Not choosing own type (SMS) SIM Application to SIM initiated SIM activating SMS reading replying to templates SMS Stop
(SMS) reading Text (SMS) Tone Touch tones Troubleshooting Turning phone off Turning phone Service rejecting activating AB Not