SH888 GSM
back the clockwise or anticlockwise or function Press to MENU then MENU The The ERICSSON type MENU Next Tot back to the Info MENU to LINE MENU IR MENU Service Info Copy from phone Copy MENU On? Missed info MENU MENU Unreachable On security PIN2 PIN Waiting Unlock Barring MENU Networks FAX Search New search MENU Access MENU MENU Ear sound type info Keylock Light MENU Clock MENU Clock clock service Service) and to These slightly selected Next These appear only when the This appears offers the chapter Communicating the The Service). type other than
to NUMERIC KEYS the and to The the and and selected switch selections to: YES Functions The and light character the character. STAR to: from the characters or the to: HASH the of the VOLUME KEYS the incoming to: incoming the and selections. the or off. and to: ON/OFF NO back or NAVIGATION KEY LEFT (or and to RIGHT and through the to from the from the the telephone. (Clear), to CLR Navigation (IR) You received text The currently selected. that the Service.) You The L1 the The that shown, the higher the strength. strength. The the the there Battery The locked. Microphone incoming to another The turned off. other charger and Connector
the and of tion and information, the service to easy and information wherever It to services, and formation when It allows to software which from products. and thank choosing the SH specially the user of the that become associated with the family of the SH others to follow. Congratulations If there nected to the to The To to the service and The first please the following: from its toughness and extraordinary sound the SH with features that These of the PC Cards. It already With the in-built about phone or to PC, or thanks to its the highlights: that and the first to Id: the other from Ericsson, the SH to the highest This to SH and shows to the of please the and Please that of the functions and services this choice of Should information to them, to the the cover. Press
the This of the should that the offered and the coverage choice of and/or To to to to This obtained from the Information You SIM (Subscriber Identity with The SIM that of the services from and information, other things. SIM with security or PIN Identity which to to the PIN when to ser-vices that PIN, PIN2. You PIN (and PIN2) the information from Furthermore, SIM PIN The services included choice of and/or Therefore, of the services and functions this to If of the services included tion, please The SH which that of the GSM and the GSM PCN or DCS GSM Every to PIN. If the PIN incorrectly three the SIM If this using PUK which from You should with PIN, tection unauthorized of phone and The GSM practically the as the GSM The the that they GSM whereas GSM that the both This increases areas, and It offer thanks to the offered when coverage the The switching the matically and seamlessly, which that phone without to which to the the cover. Press
the as with SIM SIM One the of credit and the other (about the of The SH the SIM which perforated that easily. The SIM Card that the the SIM top the right. the SIM the To the SIM the attached) To the SIM Card and follow these Release the SIM the of the arrow. to the the cover. Press
that the phone off Press the catch the of the battery. the chapter). Then: To the Battery it and rection of the arrow the the the the that the attached to the the charger to the (The than this the that fits the To Charge the Battery Then: and from the the with battery. The when there enough to the that charge the the The Battery To the Battery to the the the back of the Press the upwards and the to the the cover. Press
The charging the the top of the phone shows steady when the To the the continuously light the phone turned and emptied. the battery charged, the the and the top of the phone steady light. correctly. (You to the the the clear the charger the charger lights If to the It correctly when It to the while the charged. This however, increase the charging nected to the the upwards and To Disconnect the Charger wards. that the the of the to to the The to the other The that with whenever without performance. This the with the cheaper type often as from other and the that only with SH to Charge the Battery To that the to or with to the the cover. Press
If the phone the repeated and, finally, the off when the to satisfactorily. It might to the to or You should charge the or with the light top of the sounds and the Battery appears seconds the red. to the the cover. Press
If the displayed, there within or the too You to to sufficiently PIN. The appear as the PIN, the pressing the Press and the ON/OFF NO If while hear click. The to To the PIN. Press YES CLR Turning On the PIN The first SH to the and and the clock. SIM the to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English. the turned off. ON/OFF and the NO To Turn the Initial If PIN correctly, ERICSSON appear the The phone then search If PIN incorrectly three the SIM and to PUK chapter Security. found, the phone three The light top of the flashes once every and abbreviated) shown the If the charger connected, the steady light instead of flashing ERICSSON Press the or the LEFT RIGHT Press the to the the LEFT Press the the Press to the YES Press to the YES Press to the YES To the appears. appears. SETTINGS LANGUAGE MENU You and This If the Emergency only displayed, within of allowed to However, the international chapter and Network Displayed ERICSSON to the the cover. Press English
the the of the to the silently. If SH connected to or the this separately. information. Press to to CLR Press to the YES If with phone to LEFT RIGHT The shown the of the the normally the the hours and and Press the the Clock LEFT Press the the RIGHT Press to the clock function. YES Press to to CLR Press to the Clock YES If to the clock appears. appears. YES Press to to CLR The the 24-hour If the 12-hour the Clock clock CLOCK SET CLOCK MENU information, The once with the as The text and the the to the the the Press to the YES Pressing increases the RIGHT appears the Pressing the LEFT To the Press the RIGHT and MENU to the the cover. Press
If the matically. below.) shows the of the to the The NO memory which easy to the below.) three seconds. ERICSSON and The instructions this chapter that turned and that within of Emergency It to the of the Other Features. international the country the country the (without Press and the displayed. The the leading and the phone Press to the YES International from. ERICSSON that SIM the phone and, that the PIN as If the the Press The shows Emergency. YES (the international hear NO To abroad, phone search that to Which the with the the country chapter Networks. If characters than the the first characters the Checking the first characters To the first characters: the RIGHT To and the CLR If or the shows through, The NO the answered, Press to the The shows YES the and The If to CLR the phone and seconds. Connecting. shown the ERICSSON to the the cover. Press
If to clear the memory, Press to the from YES Press the The LEFT Press and the The CLR Press the the LEFT Press to the numbers YES Press to the YES Press to to CLR numbers function appears. appears. the following: appears. the memory. tion. If to clear the memory, Press to the from YES Press the The LEFT Press and the The CLR Press the the LEFT Press to the numbers YES Press to the YES Press to to CLR numbers function appears. appears. the following: appears. the memory. tion. To Previously Called Press the or the RIGHT LEFT Press The shows the YES to shown the of the Press to the YES To Previously Called Press the or the RIGHT LEFT Press The shows the YES to shown the of the Press to the YES LAST DIALLED the and the tor light top of the phone The shows If includes the Calling tion service and the the the the of the If the with the phone the shown the the phone and the tor light top of the The shows If includes the Calling tion service and the the the the of the If the with the phone the shown the The turned and within coverage of received. To the when CLR The phone turned and within coverage of network received. To the when CLR Press the the of the phone There of rejecting the To the Press the NO Press the the of the phone There of rejecting the To the Press the NO the finished, NO To the Press YES the finished, NO To the Press YES If the and the receivers network the shows Retry? the top and the reason the the The Function If the and the receivers the shows Retry? the top and the reason the the The Function If or the If the the The the answered, to and then hear To the automatically: interrupted. Press YES If or the If the the The the answered, to and then hear To the automatically: interrupted. Press YES The hear tone the this function. If activated, the to the specified Incoming SH the or SIM It matically the when first called. The hear tone the this function. If activated, the incoming to the specified Incoming SH the or SIM It matically the when first called. to the the cover. Press If to retry, NO If to retry, NO
the the who called. The Press the to the repeatedly LEFT the Calling service) ceived, the of the follow- (or when the received. If Unidentified, which that informa- To other the information about the Press to the Missed function. YES Press the repeatedly the shown the together with the To Who Called and Restricted, which that the Press to to CLR to withhold the Press to the YES Missed function appears. the appears. repeatedly. tion MISSED CALLS MENU If to the Calling service, and the the the of the the Press the to the The LEFT Press to the function. YES Press the repeatedly LEFT To of the numbers: Press the the Press to the YES the function appears. Press to the YES appears. Calling Who Called You MENU MISSED CALLS Press the to the The LEFT Press to the function. YES Press the repeatedly LEFT Press The appears. CLR Press to the YES the function appears. To clear the memory: appears. Press YES ANSWERED If within hours, the of the displayed. the the You and To from the Missed the information about the shown, Memory CLR Press YES If to the of shown the CLR Information about the memory, which to when the received. If tion includes the Calling service and ANSWERED ERICSSON to the the cover. Press
With the when This that the when offer where normally If to the this the or Showing To Press to the YES Press the repeatedly The appears. the to Press the RIGHT Press to the YES Id appears. To Press the Id appears. Press to the YES The appears. the phone to Press the RIGHT Press to the YES MENU SPECIAL FUNC functions MENU SPECIAL FUNC to the the cover. Press
If while the the the other of the hear To SH which might helpful while the To the To telephone services or to These as tone known as DTMF tones or tones). You the together with the Creating the chapter to this. If tone while the the the other of the hear the tones. Press the and To tone If to the Press the the of the Pressing the DOWN Pressing increases the UP or To the microphone temporarily Press and the shown CLR To release the CLR the To the Microphone If to write phone the Scratch function the SH To the using the this: the the the You the or YES the chapter The To the as Scratch to the the cover. Press
If the seconds, the to Instead of the repeatedly, and reach the or Press to the or to YES the The of SH allows to the functions and to to of of these with options. The through the the follow- tions through with the and displayed, there Text the of to the or the function that shown the hints function selected. Text and Ear SETTINGS To around the that the fold-out the of the cover. The the the with through and NAVIGATION YES NO CLR which fold-out), clockwise or anticlockwise. through the to Press back the and/or Press the or LEFT RIGHT Press the to the Press to the or to the YES or to reach the or function. To or function. back to the or function. to the the cover. Press
the allows to memory the the SIM when when SIM another the phone memory. The SH and phone numbers. This that the phone numbers. You to them or around. The of and, to the Calling service, the numbers. Con- to back. The On the other hand, the they to phone memory SIM cards. from onwards. The of memory SIM memory the memory The The memory to phone numbers. The memory the to the the and to the character. and the the the the SH with the Office software. the Office from You information about the Office the chapter The Office If to both and should as tional numbers, that with the which the international the country from the country then the and the leading the To the and International phone office STORE creating there things to this section, learn about the and to the with the international that this the section about characters, though might to back to this when follow the structions You the memory the SIM You to the the cover. Press
If characters than the the first characters the To the first characters To the Characters the LEFT Creating appear the with To the characters the repeatedly the character appears Press the or follow the instructions below. the C to Press Characters to the phone To the the memory, the first the top right- To the the memory, Press the the RIGHT Press the the RIGHT once, the and then To the the memory, To the the phone memory, Press the the RIGHT From the the as and then YES Press the RIGHT To and then YES You four the phone the first hand corner): Press YES YES STORE STORE To A, once. To B, STORE To and the To the the directly, and the and the To the third the instead. If there of than characters, the to the the A, and then To appears. to the the cover. Press
Follow the instructions to following the instructions to If another another the phone and the the character the phone the and appears. Bankbyphone STORE If the scratch the selecting from the while the the If to phone which already the Used appears the You then Protection Used STORE To with tone as and the the the the and then the If another and another the and You the that the the the memory tion and then Therefore, YES should numbers. The Facility Recalling To the the selected the Press YES the phone memory If both to the If to the phone the memory If try to when the that already occupied. the the top of the To the the Press NO Press YES If to whose tion the memory: the Press YES To the From the To telephone services or to These as tone DTMF tones To With Tone or tones). If to the the with the to the the cover. Press
You the directly the and then the to the phone the the the the memory (to the character, and the With the when This that the when offer where or Showing normally To the YES The match the first The phone matches the and the the displayed. If the displayed the the to (or the first You to the the the the with existing its memory. You the of using the as and Press to the YES Press YES If to the this the To when the phone instead NO Press to the YES Press the repeatedly The shown the The appears. from the Press the RIGHT Press to the YES Id appears. of YES You the directly LEFT from the If know the memory where the If the The and appear the the repeatedly the To the the where the the phone memory, From the the memory, and the the character appears and then the the the phone Press YES To when the phone instead NO The shown the from the Press the RIGHT of YES POSITION RECALL to the the cover. Press
the to the (or the to or If the to RIGHT another and editing. right when it To the YES the to CLR the the the to using the The You from From the The shows the Press the LEFT To the the To the YES the the match. the people know might to the and or of the Press the Id appears. Press to the YES The appears. Press to the YES to the or To phone from the Press and The CLR To the YES tion appears. EDIT There of finding the to You the or To Entry the the the the You the the right of the the phone memory, the memory, the the top To the to the the the and the the character the the From the appears and then the To the the To the entry, YES RIGHT the You selected. to EDIT You from the and then the If to from the phone memory the memory), From the To phone from the memory, YES from this as follows: EDIT to the the cover. Press
played and the the every the from the The the memory to to another the CLR or the of memory to to and memory the of the first the to to the the NO the memory Navigation or to LEFT RIGHT the and YES To copying, YES memory tion onwards, to YES memory YES Copy to the might to from memory to another or the the of the first the From the Copy to to and phone memory the of the first the to and memory YES To Copy from Card to Card and YES Memory to Memory To the copying, YES YES Copying and To Copy from Memory From the Copy. to Card and YES to Card Memory One One To copying: Press CLR the of the first the to and memory YES From the Copy to to and memory YES the of the first the To Copy from to Card and YES. To the copying, YES Memory to Card Memory Card From COPY CARD COPY ALL COPY ALL To from the phone memory to the memory the and as YES NO CLR To Copy from Card Memory memory to and YES the of the first the From the Copy. to Memory One One to Card Phone and YES COPY PHONE From Card Card COPY to the the cover. Press
If to incoming memory the This allows to the The Memory it once, and Text of SH the Short Service (SMS). This allows to and text consisting of to characters. the Short Service, to about whether the people to reach their or as they their the them. If there incoming the memory, appear to the the of the The memory to memory the when ceived. If the memory becomes with the SIM memory. If the SIM memory becomes the Text when the or when incoming to another phone If the turned off when notifying displayed the turned from to SH and X400 and the Short Service. with which and the memory them SIM or the the memory to If and to from the memory, memory SIM This that the of which that the SIM memory there them. The SIM Card Memory SH with the Office The Office to write and SMS information this please the chapter The Office The Short Service If the SIM memory becomes the to the the cover. Press
that the that to the further information about the to using the and Select the the to the type option and YES From the To the type: and YES YES type OPTIONS If the phone to service from SIM specify the yourself. If there the the From the of the service including the To to CLR international and YES to and YES to and YES or to the Text MAIL ordinary (SMS) to other the type. to to Press the or the character appears the to characters the To Composing and ready to and text only allow SMS to within their If the within reach of Service to the hour, hours, or the to using the and service From the to the and YES Select the option and YES Duration of New appears. YES C to Press The phone other of Service offer the facility to text MESSAGE SEND OPTIONS to the the cover. Press
If to the the To instead of when the the To the NO The the the phone or from the phone To the To the YES You LEFT memory. MESSAGES SEND To and the To the the directly, and the and the To the third the instead. To A, once. To B, The with of with which hear sound and the informs of The light the top of the phone If to the once, YES memory and appear the The the NO If to the the of the You Reading If characters than the the first characters the To the first characters Press the reach LEFT the characters to If there of than seconds characters, the to the appear the A, and then appears. To If the first three of YES the showing who the from and when received. New If the than hours, the with the the arrived. the and To the first of the YES the New of the or characters the completed the and characters to the You through the text with From the To If the to to the Press appears. YES If YES NO reply? appears. YES New appears. MAIL reply? to the the cover. Press
You anywhere within the that CLR to appears, YES incoming temporarily the memory the memory other such as that to This the SIM memory. The Reply? appears the of the If the to reply, the Reply Reply?, this. forwards and RIGHT LEFT To to the of the through the the To three forwards, To backwards through the three backwards, and LEFT Reply? reading the and the The YES To the the SIM memory, from the memory to the SIM The appears. Press NO memory. appears: The shows the of the the third of that the phone On reading the to to the If the the as Composing and To and YES Press YES to this: Replying to New If the memory the text Not appears. this to or the SIM memory. You the SIM the section reading the The appears the To the from the to to the The appears. memory, YES. Press NO. If to reply: Press NO to the the cover. Press
SIM memory, the and Press The from the YES The memory to the to the From the phone memory to the SIM memory. Press appears YES Press appears. NO YES appear. To composed, with the the From the the as Reading New Old Press YES Reading MAIL the and YES to the to the phone or From the the ready to from the phone To the If the to to the If YES NO To the YES wish. reply? appears. YES LEFT New appears. MESSAGE SEND If there front of the this that the SIM the called, the and the memory. Calling To found Press YES If or them the SIM to whenever To when the memory becomes should Frequently Used them the SIM memory. To this: Used to the the cover. Press
that and These found the CD and/or instructions found the section the the that with This to about whether please and the SH If already and incoming or Secondly, to the Microsoft IrDA services phone to to the below. Communicating the of the SH the in-built (which PC Card With this, to phone to and and the and in-built to (ESD). The and to of Should to and/or With the SH choose to to (IR) or that to to or software, services SH with CD or of (or both, what country bought containing and the software, other Office things. The Office and the chapter The Office information. of the features this chapter that the Press to the (that YES The or off) shown the to from off to or Then YES turned To them the of the to the The SETTINGS (On) You the Microsoft IrDA the CE and this the please there things that to of: Firstly, to information. to the the cover. Press
NO YES Installed? (or H/PC) and that the than from instead. this to to CLR appears the The then the Deactivate IR the to IR seconds the text IR activated that the IR activated. and (If the IR already YES (within To the IR the to the IR MENU Deactivate IR MENU Uninstall Which The this from PC. If information the than this that PC or Trouble Shooting CD) NO You ready to Communication OK? YES that the below as to that properly of the The the apply to the sections with titles this Flowchart to the the cover. Press
to to the of the the the containing the the appears the automatically, the the CD CD or or CD the appears, the clicking the of the appears If using or CD the third and appears the the or the the COM Follow the instructions the and Next. and Next. other Click OK. the OK. Select the Microsoft Click the Click OK. the to the Microsoft To this, and to the of the existing the following: tion to to Uninstall to the of the the to the to to to the the Install/Unin- If to this the of the the of the If Select the the of the the to the where the installations. the Uninstall Select the to the the cover. Press
To that the successfully, to and SH should appear the the the containing the the or CE Services H/PC. (Usually this that The the the CD CD or Select the Click H/PC and PC established. the appears the that Microsoft H/PC and the CE the CE CE from cally H/PC. from CD: the CE to PC. below. (The the CD CD or the with the the the the Select the and that the the COM2 or COM3. the the If from the CD, to the the installation, where the Office To that the the The One should displayed. the and another the CD. Click OK. the appears the and containing the A: or D: Click Next. appear. to the the cover. Press
To of the IrDA the found the the COM to the the the to the RS232 below. The IR of the SH allows to to without This option that IR and that the operat- the IrDA To IR On the ready to (within PC establish tion and the than from the with This indicated double-clicking the the and the IR the the tion: To the IR and normally initiated from within the Software-Initiated and to the using the and follow the that the software software. the following: the software. IR or the RS232 and disestablishing PC and SH that PC. or the phone shows the type, that or that selected the SH To the RS232 to the the cover. Press the RS232 the to to SH together with
The shows the type of the the from within the software automatically). to the To or the from within the software to the To then the cation. then then might to to the the This type to as then then This tor and the and YES to the the (the turned and The the the YES the (or function) to then FAX the the the the the The software to the To then IR or the RS232 If and the the type of incoming This that the to to or and the from within the software the the and automatically). to the To then the and THEN FAX SPEECH the following to phone (the turned and the type of to the to Next type If the as type of YES The and and If and this to as This that to three If types, this to as the SH the type of There four from and and If to the the cover. Press
If the If the the to the instructions If the If FAX, the as then as then as as The The shown the of the the ERICSSON to the the cover. Press
Select Add/Remove and the Follow the instructions the the from the first button. The and Office Once the allows to the and telephone that phone It allows to write and SMS The Office If other than the SH lected, the Office to If this the to to the SH You to the Office To the Office its the Select the SH from the Click To this: The allows to other telephone and as as the of the It consists of and The instructions to the please the with the The it to and SMS The when Follow the instructions the Select the SH from the already Click Office the CD from CD selected. You to the Office To the Office its the instructions to the please the associated with the the installation, the to the instructions the IR or the RS232 to the the Con- the chapter Communicating the phone to the the Office to the the cover. Press
Office from the Follow the instructions the the Click Click of Uninstalling the Office to the the cover. Press
The of which the selects of SIM which The search that when turn searches its first and then the that If of these within the Select Search appears. the normally selects its If this within when another that allows to This roaming To the search the following: From the To to CLR to and YES and YES To below. The Networks includes of which to the searches You from those within The search that when searches its network first. If this the phone search another within Search Search Together with the the If the within and using when selection, following information the the to displayed, If there than within From the choose Select the to to the The Please to YES other Selecting Network Select NETWORKS The search normally the when to the search the to and The phone YES to the using the If the of the phone already to To to CLR If YES to search tion and YES to search following: Searchmode NETWORKS to the the cover. Press
when the phone searches search If and to that allows to the this though the displayed. of that the network currently Preferred that the of the included of that the of the included of SIM and that allowed to that there network within which the or If the within the of another displayed with the displayed when If another and If there within the the of the Instead of the of country and the To the of Preferred, or the of the displayed with the You however, displayed with the Home. SIM displayed. used. SIM You that which phone selection, when within The of that the SIM The function the the from rearranging the of the to the and from The Please displayed You through the other the The of the first displayed. If within From the the of using the played. NETWORKS If to that already and then with YES to the first the and The appears. YES the appears. From the Networks Network to the To EDIT LIST A1 search To Network Search From the New search. The phone searching to the of SIM The of the SIM If such within New Search NETWORKS to the the cover. Press
Finally, to the to the YES If the appear, when the Other? appears. Then YES the three-digit country and the Press and with the YES the To the from the YES to the to and From the Network from the appears. YES displayed. Press and the YES to the to and From the the within the YES EDIT LIST A1 EDIT LIST A1 to the the cover. Press
the services Select PIN2 from the Access that PIN, the PIN2. To PIN2 SIM protected lock. SIM PIN Identity The Card Security Follow the as To PIN The that the activated. Select Unlock from the Access PIN and YES To Unlock the SIM Card Press YES Select from the Access PIN and YES To the SIM Card Press YES Every the to PIN and then this YES off below). If PIN incorrectly three the SIM blocked. This indicated the Card Unblock?. If this If SIM Card Blocked below. If PIN with the as the they appear the when PIN. At the PIN, The New PIN confirms that the PIN From the Access PIN PIN and YES PIN and YES PIN and YES To PIN The Unlocked confirms that the deactivated. This function SIM allows to the lock. To the SIM the PUK (or PUK2) (which the information from If SIM Card PIN (or PIN2) three Press YES If the Matching appears, this the PIN incorrectly. If the PIN appears, PIN, PIN incorrectly. to the the cover. Press
displayed together with the From the Access The or the security and YES To the Unlocked shown Select the If the PUK permanently If this to Warning! four- to PIN (or PIN2). the PIN (or PIN2) to Press YES Press YES The The service of the allows to of outgoing and incoming This the of This service or incoming when (when outgoing international to outgoing international The following incoming outgoing country, authorized the of theft. It activated when the You should, however, as as You should the security to three- to the protects The If the activated, the locked each the The the You then to security and to to the YES There of locking the To that which with to or The first option outgoing To to the option the choose another option, the To the Barring From the Access tion and YES tion If the Autolock activated, the locked and the appear SIM the the security correctly, the phone with SIM You to the security the SIM or SIM and follow the From the Access To the Security To PIN. to the the cover. Press
The to which You choose and the of the informs that the locked. to the international when the locked. If the off The There the network the the Please displayed. This followed which informs whether the activated or which the Confirm selection YES which the and YES which You three options: of to the using the To the Manually Press YES tion The incoming the battery, the If Incoming options. The Please appears, that that to the From the Access To and YES that seconds, the locked. The The the connected to vehicle From the Choose the To selection, YES To the Press LEFT YES To Unlock the The the Barring service with You easily the as the and YES to the option, the and To the Barring From the Access the and YES the often as YES The Please appears, that that the to the the cover. Press
of restricting outgoing It SIM that allows to The protected the PIN2. The function allows to to the SIM If to other numbers, the appears the It to numbers, or the first to numbers. allows to to from to with the international and country allowing to from including allows to to with from to To The function to the international and the Service of services such as and Barring used. The that SIM To From the Access the PIN2 and YES to On, the and YES Press to the the cover. To From the Access the PIN2 and YES to the and YES To From the numbers. to using the and YES the PIN2 and YES the (optional) and the the as when ordinary To From the numbers. to the and YES the PIN2, the the or the the as with ordinary
If the option earlier and then the to which the Press to this CLR and the to which to diverted, including the and then YES If to that incoming of when to them, the service to them to another phone turned off or already the that within The service incoming Incoming There the the the Please displayed. This the On or reply ON, which option choose. The selected phone displayed. The informs of activated each turn the when the On The option that incoming to specified If choose to arrow shown the If the other They however, when the You of the If turned the respectively or three together. To and as the and numbers, there alternatives: to the option and options On reply and From the to the option, the The Unreachable, To YES YES Activating to the the cover. Press
The Please appears, followed which informs that From the To To the of From the to the using the and to the option. To the YES YES Checking the The Please appears, the phone and Active the activated, or Active activated. The Please appears, followed infor- mation about whether they activated or To the of From the The Please appears which informs that the the and From the to the To To the YES to YES to the the cover. Press
If the function activated, hear tone the when received and the appear the More than One SH allows to than This that that while or and then switch the Conference the of this chapter. To and the The YES To the and to appears. Waiting To and Press to the The NO To the YES appears. To to To the service, YES To the Waiting Service From the Access to the the service. There the the the Please displayed. This followed the Waiting ON. The Waiting Service The cleared. If the the hear If On activated, the to the specified. To switch the active and the To Switch YES To the and the YES To Waiting With the option, whether the service activated or From the Access To the Waiting Service to the To YES to the the cover. Press
To the The YES the to or While the first clear the from the phone and YES displayed. CLR To If or within three seconds, the YES NO from the The automatically. You the and the YES appears and sounds. To the The NO Press to the or to NO YES To the to the If active and Press YES to the The connected to each other, and from both This service to whether Connecting function activated, third when and You hear tone the and the appears the If to the third of the existing To the Third The Conference service allows to with to You or of while other people to the You while to privately. The Conference service to whether Conference The third rejected. the this function, the hear If On activated, the to the specified. The become active and the To the and the Press YES to the Press followed YES to the the cover. Press
It to while while Conference the to and YES To the YES To this: To switch the and the Press YES You the and then third repeating to It to to this the first to include the the to include Press to include the YES, this YES To initiate Conference the the than One To the and to the Press then YES To the NO To Conference the the to as the as If to with of the the other with. Press the of the to to to three, To Conversation Press YES Press To this: To Release of the Press the of the to release. to release To release the YES three, Conference Press To the to the Press and then YES to the the cover. Press
from the the following when Ear type Light Other Handsfree-Related using the or vehicle the phone without to to The SH allows to the the handsfree-related that they Calling Each of these specified when SH connected to and when the as This that of these when the connected to the when affected and the to the instructions the phone to the the chapter Phone. To and which when incoming and this function turned the NO If choose the the phone with If the with includes the phone with The function: The function: free The Selecting Choose or the To the of the function From the To YES To chosen, YES to the the cover. Press
when the affected and It to to To the (The From the To the Press YES this: The SH than another It both and life. such, certainly to the to You own the sound or the other things. displayed, from From the To SIM If yourself. the Press YES This chapter the information to that of The includes of functions which phone to that of the connected to or If SIM allows and/or text appears the of the that write yourself. allow the Text the text to to New the From the To own Press YES the the of the to the You when the phone as and when with This that the when the connected to the reach the YES From the Ear the or the the of the to the the to the the cover. Press
You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or From the sound. to the sound, the nothing when the and YES To Select Sound The sound the the sound. The function the text off. the activated, hear once while the the information to the To YES chapter The You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when (SMS). to the sound to hear when using the From the To selection, YES the You choose type from of sounds and You below) with the the The light to turned off or To the Light turned the light off seconds the pressed. It turned when or when or received. From the Choose On and the To selection, YES To the chapter Communicating the the type (the shows Phone the and respectively. If the service service), the turned the If with the the that If to To choose of the types: other people, the From the type reach the type, the of the to silently. YES You when the as and another when the with from the phone vehicle the light to to the light From the Light. the and YES To the light: to the the cover. Press
The once with the as the the the to the Pressing increases the RIGHT Pressing the LEFT To the YES and the to the silently. The to Press to Press and as From the the to increase the Composing Clear the CLR The Clock the and It the function. The shown continuously the of the when the phone Select the clock the From the Clock Clock To the gation Press YES The Clock and To to If YES to If and YES NO editing. If the 12-hour the Clock function, and It to the the of the when the The From the Clock clock. the hours and To the clock: Press YES The allows to the when the connected to when the phone connected to when the handheld. to the using the If necessary, the phone to the To the tion and YES The to the the cover. Press
to the the From the Clock To YES. To the the month and the From the Clock To YES. the To the Press YES to the the cover. Press
To the of the service: to New the From the the and YES and YES the of service. to On, the and To the function, YES YES of advanced that life. You and from of them, easily and conveniently, with SH which and to the that of services. Other this indicated the the text You To the Service YES If the service NO to to recorded Follow the instructions to From the and The service. YES To this: This chapter through these features. Please that of them which information services to. The service of allows to when or to This service and The Service Whenever shown the of the Further information about the of the service found the operating instructions You and holding the ERICSSON The function easy to You the function recorded to to service using to New the To the to the service: From the the and YES Activating the and YES From the To the function: to the the cover. Press
the the info function The (or the of of The of incoming and outgoing The of outgoing the and outgoing To Check or From the Info Tot Press YES option the info function the the the shows the of the info function the the displayed both incoming and You the or the of displayed selecting the Cost option, and SIM this From the To Turn the Select and YES The If choose the option PIN2 to the To the Time/Cost Press The appears. YES From the Info Tot To the YES. To what information to Choose from and Cost. From the info. Confirm selection YES played the Info Information This function appears selected the Cost option the info function the From the Info To the The Units option that the of and the and Tot The function and the The SIM You the of the incoming (or outgoing) with the option the Info To or of the tion the the the the info From to the Info The of the outgoing The of the incoming chosen the gation to the Press YES to the the cover. Press From the info. To the Unit
with phone numbers, and assigned to This to business and The to and (SMS), The service Service, ALS) and The Service and To the YES GBP and YES to Cost, the and the From the Info Units and the the currency, PIN2. (The PIN2 To to CLR. New appears. YES appear YES Press YES The currently selected indicated the with the L and selected, L2 the Selecting From outgoing the selected You however, both To to the that currently selected: To to the the to the to YES to LINE MENU both and SIM this amount of money that This when phone to and their to amount specified the deducted from this amount. the amount reaches the amount: pounds. To Credit From the Info Credit. To New credit, YES PIN2. Press YES Press YES To to YES To to Units To the Units option, YES From the Info Instead of the and the to the phone Clear the first, the CLR the or which or selected. If that first the the other to the the cover. Press
to cards, using the Activating the Calling Card security and The YES to On, using the and From the Access security and YES and YES YES You each the tone of the Each and function. The the Info the the currently selected. SH allows to the of the You might, to and Work. To the of From the and the of the the characters), the and YES YES The function activated and the numbers the and The YES to using the security and The YES appears the and YES Confirm when From the Access of four to To Security security and YES and YES To the of instead. international or to charge these account. If credit or to redirect the charges to of those accounts instead. SH this as easy as Calling Card or Credit Card SH allows to Credit or Calling Card the phone This the function activated the Access From the To numbers and YES You These protected four- to security that choose yourself. The to to Calling to this function. to the the cover. Press
The to the and the connecting phase, prompted to the (the or the to and the the chosen the to or or Calling Card To the as Credit/Calling Card from the and YES To security the (the to the to Select (Card or Card To the YES security and The YES the as the ordinary the The the and YES Press the To the and the the connecting phase, when the YES shows or seconds and SH them automatically. The ordinary Short Service as service with specifically and directed to The Information (AI) another type of text which to scribers of the Information Since the the yourself. the or when the Called flashes. whether to or the to If numbers, Selecting the Card You To From the security and The YES to the to the the appear. and YES To the YES to Calling/Credit numbers. which the information or phone You information This to On, using the and From the info. To Turn On Information Press YES YES If this selection to repeated every to Calling/Credit to the the cover. Press
to the and The to the the the the (You only to the phone the leading location, using the Press YES You forwards and backwards To to the first through the with the From the info. To Information automatically.) Press YES YES type of Information three-digit At the following Information to the and From the info. To Turn Information YES Press YES to using the and once, RIGHT YES to the to and If to the the If to this YES Then the and YES From the info. The appears. To or Press YES YES YES Directory (international) District identity) Directory Customer reports Customer Network information reports services AI Weather Doctors Flashes information, the the memory. Please that the This that the previously To Information info turned the with the function the From the information about the AI services please to the information You which of information to The Info Information to to the the cover. Press
The built-in and multiply. with the to the this to to the and YES with the to the You to the of to the and to the YES To clear the CLR and YES The The function. activated, the of shown to the the from to another using the To YES The To Press Press To multiply: The the the phone turned off. The of the and the flash. The of the the of the The seconds and repeated every off. the function off. to the New option, using the From the Clock the hours and To the Press YES Press YES tion If choose the 12-hour the Clock function and and If the to repeated, Press to the off when To the off: YES sounds. From the Clock to using the To the function off: Press YES to the the cover. Press
to phone performance with the phone as other telephone. the to higher While directly the mouthpiece, the and shoul- the affects quality, than and and If the the when the phone should and and receiver. the turned and (RF) the type of phone bought, operates and commonly The that when the which the and only the type of telephone than the bought. to service Unauthorized modifications, or the with the and other this reduce its performance. the regulations. and The International tion Protection (ICNIRP), the World Health (WHO), published which to RF from hand- According to this which based the of research, there that terminals the health effects. telephones to the ICNIRP CENELEC ENV50166-2 ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, international and such to the and regulations the of the where If to RF further, choose to the of and the to the the cover. Press
To interference with phone while the the aircraft. Turn off the ground without Aircraft If to while off the and or hands-free operation, to RF vehicle the of their vehicles. with vehicle to the of vehicle. tripped or otherwise subjected to the located that To reduce of to the cord, To reduce of shock, the from the the AC AC supply) to from as the cleaning, then cloth. rather than the cord. or stress. and shielded from RF RF from telephones phone health when Turn off the to without Devices allow to with they themselves or others or the when or Turn off off to with operations. Construction crews of- RF to off Children telephones the of people with hearing and other medically should that the of to the to malfunction. the phone the breast the ear the If of the phone and the the of interference information. to the the cover. Press
phone when with Turn off tially atmosphere. It or its such or fire or death. with atmosphere of- clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and where the chemicals or such as or Atmospheres or or the of vehicle which and to of to the Doing to or warranty. This should Authorized Service other than formance, fire, shock or and serviceable Service the warranty. Product to the the cover. Press
or including to to the its or with Ericssons tions and of the the or of the with the technical or Repairs non-authorised service workshops, or of the of software to purchase of the The other than and The warranty the the presented, and the warranty chase when to the from whom The warranty purchased and the of purchase of warranty issued to the purchaser and tear, of or The warranty cover the the the right to of to wear and the of the as of or the warranty service this information to the from: force. the purchased. authorised lowing: or Conditions If warranty service should the to the from whom purchased. If warranty service when abroad, the those countries tional Warranty Warranty Conditions the of difficulty, of authorized from warrants this as free of and workmanship the of purchase and of months immediately thereafter. What warranty If, the of the warranty, this functions and service to or workmanship willrepair or its the the tions stated below. or the countries International Warranty or this with the terms and these of the ranty. products countries and this authorised authorised service to the the cover. Press
acts of or the of Ericsson, including to fire, and factured. This warranty such to whether properly or or technical or This or workmanship to This warranty the purchasers rights adapted, or to to the originally and functionally reconditioned warranty right to or become from them, force country other than that which the from its as or the of this to, or of, the of the from the or to the without the or or terms of this warranty with warranty. or the force, the purchasers rights written of Ericsson. the property of Ericsson. chase the of legislation this warranty the purchasers and or breach of or warranty Ericsson, its and relating to this to the the cover. Press
Credit Card Barring C Aircraft. the function off the off the Index to English Light Incoming when the On Checking the Activating Information Unit Waiting Service Waiting Service Waiting Service Calling (CLI) service International Rejecting service (ALS) memory Calling service (CLI) clear memory Service and DTMF tones Emergency the Characters Characters Capacity Charger Disconnect Children Clock Conference Information Information Battery type the Battery Charge the Battery the Battery Connecting
to Text GSM Calling Handsfree-Related phone international International country international Sound Unlock Light. Missed Who Called Office the Office The The Uninstalling the Office Microphone Networks Search Select PCN Identity (PIN) Unblocking (PUK) Characters Office software PIN PIN PIN2 PIN2 Potentially Atmospheres Product PUK Reading Recalling the the and Function Previously Called Replying to the type Composing To the
Turning On the Service Selecting To Turn the International Scratch Security Barring Card security (PIN) If SIM Card Unlock the SIM Card the SIM Card the SIM Card SIM Card then Subscriber Identity (SIM). Text the Text Memory SIM Card Memory Tone tones Turning the
This published without warranty. and to this tions AB to typographical of formation, or to and/or Communications AB and without however, incorporated editions of this rights products that they fied to the EMC 89/336/EEC, the cations 91/263/EEC, and the 73/23/EEC when The products the to the following The AB Publication EN/LZT R2A Printed Without Direct to EN compatibility, Immunity EN compatibility, ETS EMC Phones and Accessories Combination: CLASS LED PRODUCT