AB, SE-221 EN/SVV R1A T10s
T10s (October This published AB without warranty. and to this typographical of information, or to and/or AB and without however, incorporated editions of this rights AB Publication EN/LZT R1B INNOVATRON PATENTS Started Turning On and Information and Functions and Functions and the the Service and Text (SMS) Incoming Security and More than One Network Preferences the Calling from Calling Card or Credit Card and and Functions Additional Information Troubleshooting Technical and Warranty Declaration of Conformity
Please of the services this This to the GSM International Emergency Please or service whether service or The products that they fied to the EMC 89/336/EEC, the 91/263/EEC, and the 73/23/EEC when The products the to the following Phones and Combination: ETS EMC tions. Without Direct to EN compatibility, and EN compatibility, Immunity
Turning On and Information and Functions GETTING STARTED and
Microphone SIM release light Microphone Threaded Battery Battery release catch
Assembly You to the following to the SIM the to the the The SIM Card as with SIM (Subscriber Identity The SIM that track of the services included tion, and information, other things. SIM One the of credit and the other the credit SIM perforated that easily. the SIM as shown below. the SIM Card the attached). the SIM the SIM with the Removing the SIM Card the attached). the SIM the SIM release nectors facing and the turned to the
The PIN SIM cards with security or PIN Identity which to the Every to PIN. You PIN the infor- mation from services that PIN, PIN2. You should with PIN, protection unauthorized of If PIN incorrectly three the SIM If this PUK Unblocking which from The Battery with battery. The when there enough to the phone that charge the the phone the first the Battery to the the back of the and hear click. to Charge the Battery The that with whenever without affecting its performance. This the with the cheaper type often as other the and the that with To that to charge the or it with sounds and the Battery appears seconds the The repeated Phone
the light the top of the phone flashing red. The phone off when the factorily. Charging the Battery that the attached to the the charger to the To the the continuously. the the top of the phone shows steady light (or the turned the the the and the the top of the phone shows steady light. You the phone while the this increases the charging Disconnecting the Charger the connected to the upwards and the charger to the as shown the The the upwards.
the Battery Turn off the Press the catch the of the battery. the and from the
Turning On and Turning On Press and the NO (ON/OFF) hear click. If PIN Appears PIN SIM protected with PIN If PIN appears the the this: PIN. If while PIN, the PIN the CLR Press YES If PIN incorrectly three the SIM You PUK, Security and Network Search turned the phone (and PIN), the appears the and the searches found, the phone three The light the top of the phone flashes once every and NETWORK tors abbreviated) appears the This You and Initial The first to the the choose the type and the clock. informa- tion about these SIM the to the guage of the country where bought SIM If this the the English. To the Turning On and
If displays to English. To the to English Press the CLR Press the LEFT arrow Press the RIGHT arrow Normally, the of appears the turned NETWORK there that The then shows of the following: If the displayed, within of allowed to allow to the international Emergency If the displayed, there within or the too You to to Turning and the NO (ON/OFF) hear click. Turning On and
Information and Functions Information phone to: that correctly and service received which the Service (ALS) the when active or The the shows of the and where they appear. The below shows every and tion. Icon/Indicator: The of the indicated the Battery Indicates the of the tery. The the the there The locked. arrow that the function active. that sound heard when SMS The that received text (SMS). The that appear Information and Functions
Icon/Indicator: Functions The other when the the To and YES To the or off. Press and the NO To To and through) the LEFT and RIGHT arrow To from the Press and the to CLR (Clear) To the microphone Press and the To the on/off its from the Then and the The shown the when the turned off. To the when Press the To the The the international To character. If To To terminate the input of PIN and security If the To increase or the of the or UP and DOWN To the To Information and Functions which the Service. The house that the tor phone within the appear
and this chapter, that turned phone and that within of If other that allows to this Network NETWORK the and Press YES While counter and the If activated the option the Cost and and SIM the of the the Press NO to the Previously Called Clear the CLR Press YES Press arrow the (and to appears. Press YES to the If the shows Retry? the pressing YES phone to the answered. the answered, hear or and
International Press and the appears. the country (without leading and Press YES Emergency (the international Press YES The international countries, with or without SIM GSM within that SIM and that the PIN as the international of the instead. If of what country, please or service What when The phone and the light the top of the phone flashes The shows The phone in-built which allows to discretely. Press YES Rejecting Double-click of the the of the or NO The hears tone the function the If activated, the to the specified. Incoming Calling (CLI) If includes the Calling service and the the the the of the when If the with the phone the shown the and
Ciphering Ciphering built-in that and to shown to the the that ciphering currently the and
phone functions which might helpful while the To the Press the UP or DOWN the of the Pressing UP increases the Pressing DOWN the the Microphone To the microphone off temporarily Press and the CLR appears the To release the CLR of and holding the CLR the To the Press YES appears the To YES Scratch Function If to of phone the Scratch To the scratch the to the the the the You the YES or it the
Tone To services or to to These as tone known as DTMF tones or tones). Press the and You together with the Checking Duration/Cost of the shows the and seconds. If the displayed, and SIM this the Cost to this More than One phone of than You the and then or You with to More than One to this
FUNCTIONS AND SETTINGS and Text (SMS) Security and More than One the Calling Card or Credit Card and and the the Service Incoming Network Preferences Calling from Functions
the You functions the You the every to such as the You the to the of to the clock, text phone numbers, The which through with the RIGHT and LEFT arrow of with Through the Press to clockwise through or RIGHT anti-clockwise through or LEFT or function, YES back the and/or NO unchanged. back to the CLR of the RIGHT or LEFT repeatedly, and reach the or If the within seconds, the phone to Scrolling and Selecting the arrow to from to Press the LEFT or RIGHT arrow reach the or function that Press the YES to or function. the Instructions the to YES YES the
this instruction as follows: From the the LEFT or RIGHT arrow to to the The arrows of the that to another Press YES to the the The of the that chosen shown the top of the the LEFT or RIGHT arrow to to the function. Press YES to the function. Text and through the the The following hints to the of or function, there options through with the RIGHT LEFT (arrow) Text shows the of the function shown the Sound (Click) this chosen to of the the of the displays. This that it the the Below of the NETWORK Access the Info
You and the SIM (SIM memory) and the (phone ory). You the and the phone If to should the as international numbers, that with the which the international the country from the country then the and the phone Every that includes shown You the phone together with to to of phone numbers. If the phone to this that the phone the memory and with The memory to phone numbers. the to the the and to
You only when using the phone and when (SMS), and Text (SMS) Press the or repeatedly the character appears the Press to C To once. To To the and then appears. appear To Press and the Together with the and to to YES YES The first free memory the that to with the Press YES to the and than and phone to choose what to the
To of choice the SIM memory: Press RIGHT (repeatedly) the disappears. Then of choice. Press YES to To the first the memory: Press RIGHT (repeatedly) the Then YES To of choice the phone memory: Press RIGHT (repeatedly) the Press once. the YES Telephone Services If telephone services, the of service together with the and the You and holding the Usually, each to about to and It to the To together with to YES YES the that associated with the and Press YES the followed and the Press YES to Protection If to which already the Used appears the Then of the following: Used To the selected Press YES to the with the To Press NO the Press YES
Memory If try to and the memory to the the memory that Both If both the If to the to that already and YES from the SIM Memory to YES YES or to, the to Press YES from the Memory to YES YES Press The appears. or to, the to Press YES If choose from phone phone that with the the There of the the with or the the memory that the Calling the Clear the to YES YES the of the to or with the arrow Press YES to the Shortcut to The to the first that with A, D, G, J. M, P, and respectively. and the to the first that with G. Then with the arrow to the the If there G, the first displayed, and
Calling the Clear the to YES YES the to or with the arrow Press YES to the (Memory when the Clear the the and YES the to people their their phone or both. To the of phone the and to correct. They easily with the If both and might to overwrite the with the instead of both and separately. Clear the to YES YES the and YES Press RIGHT once to the to the with the the with the arrow to where to the the or clear the with CLR Press YES Clear the to YES YES the and YES Press LEFT to the the the or Press YES Copying If to SIM or to phone from the SIM to the phone memory or Then
easily the phone back to the memory of choice. Also, as the might to from memory to another. Copying from SIM Memory to Memory Copy to YES Copy YES Card YES From the of the first memory the SIM memory to to the memory and YES Copy the of the first memory the memory To to to and YES Press YES to The the SIM memory displayed and the first Copy to the memory To copying, of the following: YES to NO to to the the SIM memory. CLR to to another the phone memory. the of the and YES Arrow to the SIM memory. Copying Press CLR Copying from Memory to SIM Memory Follow the instructions from SIM Memory to Memory, chose the Card option the instead of Card Copying from SIM Memory to Memory to YES Copy YES Card YES the of the first the SIM memory to to the phone memory and YES the of the first the memory to to and YES Press YES to Copying from Memory to SIM Memory Follow the instructions from SIM Memory to Memory, choose the Card option the instead of Card
the The This chapter the function, which type of telephone or memory that information and about the incoming and outgoing Once the You to the function the The that the If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the the the (together with phone of incoming the You of the numbers. The following appear the together with the and The stores: the together If the than once, the earlier ones. If within hours, the of the displayed. the the You and If information about the received, the shows Unknown which that information <Unknown: CLI, or the allow the to shown. If SIM or the cleared. the SIM memory though. the appears to the or of Missed appears to the or of appears to the or of
Turning the to YES YES On YES Calling from the to Info YES YES to the that to Press YES to the Missed If the shows where the NETWORK the of Press YES to directly to the from the information about appears, CLR appears. Press YES Shortcut to the Press YES when the You within the and YES Turning the to YES YES YES If the off, erased. the
Service Not this service. The service The service of allows to NETWORK when Check? hear and the appears the together with the The light the top of the phone flashes If the of service, below, or the SIM the YES to to the To the Press NO inform of the Instead, they text (SMS) to their service. the of Service to YES YES M. YES New YES the of service and YES to If the SIM already the of service, to Turning Function On to YES YES M. YES On YES Calling to YES YES or and the when the phone to YES YES M. YES New YES and YES Turning Function to YES YES M. YES YES Service
includes of which to that of the tions allow to when the phone and another when connected to Calling from You the The first that clicks heard when You the off or choose that from the to the To the to YES The appears the RIGHT to increase the LEFT to The phone once with the as increase the the Press YES to the the the of the phone to the of the silently. You choose the type of from of sounds and You of with type the To choose of the to YES type YES YES the type that type If to other the the of the phone to silently. reach the type YES
and If to the Service (ALS), L1 or L2 type the displayed instead of This that the and If turned the and and (the shows L1 or L2 and respectively. If includes the Calling (CLI) service, to to other that to phone to office, If the of to specified, then that used. You include phone that from and the To To specify and the accompanying to YES type YES YES YES the and then YES If the LEFT to the Tommy/Mobil to type and then YES To to YES type YES YES YES to the to and then YES You To to YES YES Select or Press and CLR to clear the the to The as Press and to
Press to the To to YES Press YES to or NO to editing. You the phones to On the or On when the turned off. To the to YES YES Select the when If the hear once every To the on/off to YES YES Select On or You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when text (SMS) or To the to YES YES Select the sound to hear. Sound You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when the To the sound to YES sound YES sound Select the sound (Click) The sound of the the of the affected. the only sound that the sound. Light You the light to off or the light turned off seconds the
It when or when or To the light Light to YES Light YES Select the light SIM the to the guage of the country where bought SIM If this the the English. To the to YES YES Select the If with phone to English CLR LEFT RIGHT This function phone If the from SIM yourself. To phone to YES YES YES the and then YES If SIM allows and/or to YES YES Then to or YES the and then YES The displayed when the To the Clock/Date to YES Clock/Date YES clock YES Select the 24-hour or 12-hour clock. To the clock the hours and If selected the 12-hour clock, and Press YES
the to To the Clock/Date to YES Clock/Date YES YES Select the To the the year and then YES the month and the You choose to the phone to or phone that The then when the To the function /off to YES YES Select On or You to their If the following affected: the the the and the the function the turned off, the info the turned off. To the to YES YES the phone (the and YES
and Text (SMS) The Short Service (SMS) allows to and text consisting of to characters. You text when the phone or when incoming to another phone If SIM the to service specify the yourself. to or the to SMS The Short Service allow SMS to within their hear and the that The light the top of the phone flashes To the Press YES when the The shows the of the New and when it received. If Calling the New displayed. If the and the his or shown instead. Press YES and through the the arrow RIGHT forwards and LEFT backwards through the To to the of the and RIGHT The Reply? appears the of the If the to reply, the displayed Reply? that this. Replying to and Text (SMS)
To the Press NO when the The the memory as New and the Network appears the of the Reading to YES YES to the New New that yourself. To written, If the SIM SIM Card Press YES the as To phone found Press YES when the displayed. the to SMS If to or to to that the service SIM already this information the of purchase. You the service from To the service to YES YES YES If appears the the of the service including the international and YES Press CLR to to ready to text Replying to to the of the The Reply? appears. Press YES the the New Press YES and as Composing Text If to Press NO the Reply? and Text (SMS)
to the of the The Reply? appears. Press NO The appears. To the from the memory, YES The appears the You and CLR anywhere within the that to appears, YES Incoming If to incoming once, Network the memory the This allows to If there the memory, the appears the of the The the memory as New The memory to memory tions the when received. If the memory becomes with the SIM memory. the memory them SIM or the the memory to The SIM Card Memory You memory SIM This that them which that the SIM memory there them. The that SIM If the SIM memory becomes the flashing. The text Not appears. You to or the SIM memory. and Text (SMS)
the SIM memory to the of the The Reply? appears. Press NO The appears. Press NO The appears. Press YES The from the memory to the SIM memory. The shows the of the the third of that the You the SIM Text the type of the of and to to phone other of network offer the facility to text that the that to the with to which and To to YES YES type YES to the that and YES Repetition of If the within reach of Service to the of To repetition of to YES YES YES to the that and YES Reply to the of to reply. If to the Reply and Text (SMS)
To the Reply Reply to YES YES Reply YES Composing Text information to Checking the Characters You Press LEFT reach the characters to Editing the Text through the text with the arrow and characters to the of the CLR or characters the Press to To to the of the and RIGHT If there of than seconds the and the to the New Text to YES YES New YES appears. Composing Text completed YES You prompted to the receivers phone To the immediately the receivers or from the To the LEFT through the using the RIGHT and LEFT Press YES To the of phone NO The the memory. The To instead of The with of or with to which You to the type first.ed and Text (SMS)
to YES YES to the to and YES finished, YES the receivers phone (or from the To the YES You to to re-used whenever The characters. Creating to YES YES YES to the of the The New Press YES the Composing Text and YES The Press YES to YES YES YES to the to and YES Press YES to the New Text to the to then and CLR The phone Press YES Information The ordinary Short Service service that Information (AI) text which to subscribers the the information or phone This Turning Information On to YES YES info YES On YES Turning Information to YES YES info YES YES and Text (SMS)
Information type of Information three-digit At the following AI News flashes Doctors reports reports Weather District identity) Network information services Directory Directory (international) Customer Customer (international) These information about the AI please to the information Information You which of information to The of that the of the SIM Info If the SIM info the phone to To information to YES YES info YES YES The to the the the You and backwards through the with the arrow To to the first using the arrow and YES the (You to the phone the leading automatically.) and Text (SMS)
To or to YES YES info YES YES to the to and YES To to and YES To to and YES the and YES information, the the ory. info turned the the function the To to YES YES from to another. To YES The This that the and Text (SMS)
Incoming If to that correctly when to them, the service to them to another The service The service already the On that within specified turned off or Unreach- You of the You also: incoming the of arrow shown the If the other become temporarily inactive. They activated when the If to the Service (ALS), the and Activating to YES Select the On or Unreachable Select the phone including the to which to and then YES If the phone the to Press LEFT and then the Checking the To the of to YES Select the Incoming
Select The Please appears, which informs whether the activated or To the of to YES YES The Please appears, information about whether they activated or To to YES Select the Select The Please appears, which informs that the To to YES YES The Please appears, which informs that If turned the Activating the and ally. numbers, there alternatives: Unanswered (includes On and Unreachable Incoming
Security and There to and from unauthor- from to The to which NETWORK phone the of the informs that the locked. The This that within seconds, the locked. to the international when the locked. If the phone off The incoming the the The the phone connected to vehicle To the Keylock to YES YES YES To the to YES YES YES Unlocking the Press LEFT followed YES The SIM Card The SIM only protects and phone from unauthorized If SIM the with the SIM Security and
SIM protected with PIN Identity the of purchase. If the SIM activated, to the PIN If PIN incorrectly three PIN Blocked. Unblock? the SIM This indicated the PIN Blocked. Unblock? If this to to Unblocking SIM Card Press YES PUK (or PUK2) which the information from four- to PIN (or PIN2). Press YES the PIN (or PIN2) to confirm. Press YES If the PUK permanently If this should PIN to Access YES Card YES PIN YES PIN PIN and YES PIN and YES The phone to the PIN. PIN and YES The PIN If the Matching appears, this the PIN incorrectly. If the PIN appears, PIN PIN incorrectly. PIN to Access YES Card YES PIN2 YES Follow the as PIN Activating the SIM Card to Access YES Card YES YES PIN and YES The confirms that the activated. Security and Subscription
the SIM Card to Access YES Card YES Unlock YES PIN and YES The Unlocked confirms that the This SIM allows to the lock. The phone protects the phone unauthorized It activated when the You the to three- to Warning! the or as security If to the Instead, to the The to the phone The phone and If the activated, the locked each the The the You then to YES to If the activated, the and the appear SIM the the security correctly, the with the SIM You to the security the SIM or SIM To the security to Access YES YES YES Follow the PIN To the to Access YES YES Access The shown (Unlocked) the the security and YES The displayed. Security and
Barring The Barring service allows to of outgoing and incoming This service or The following outgoing outgoing international outgoing international to country incoming incoming when (when To that which with to or You the as often as the Barring to Access YES Barring YES to the option and YES Barring outgoing You three options: the of the Confirm selection YES and YES The Please appears, followed which informs whether the activated or If incoming Incoming options. to Access YES Barring YES YES and YES Barring The Please appears, confirming that the to Access YES Barring YES YES Barring the and YES Security and
the and YES the and YES The Please appears, that the of restricting outgoing It SIM that allows to The protected PIN2. SIM The function allows to only to the SIM If to other numbers, the appears the It to numbers, or the first to numbers. allows to to from to with the international and country allowing to abroad. which include allows to to from to To and The function to the international and the Service of Network services such as and Barring used. Activating to Access YES YES Access PIN2 and YES Select On to Access YES YES PIN2 and YES Select to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES the (optional) and the the as when ordinary phone Security and
Editing to YES YES YES PIN2, the the or the the as with ordinary to YES YES YES to the to Press and CLR PIN2 and YES appears. Press YES Closed The Closed (CUG) function of lowering It and Not the function. You On cheaper to within group. You that from This to international You of Selecting to Access YES YES Select YES Closed Select Select the only within the selected user group. Calling Closed You whether outgoing to allowed. Closed to Access YES Closed YES YES Allowed or Not Allowed to the CUG to Access YES YES YES to the that to and YES to The Press YES Press YES from the CUG to Access YES YES YES Family to the that to and YES Security and
to the that to and CLR The phone Press YES Security and
than One phone allows to than This that that while or and then switch the You Conference to with to You or of while other people to the You ference while to privately. Confer- Waiting Service If to to while another the Waiting service. The Waiting service To the Waiting service to Access YES Waiting YES YES There the responds. the the Please displayed. This followed the Waiting ON To the Waiting service to Access YES Waiting YES YES To whether the Waiting service activated or to Access YES Waiting YES YES while the YES the to and YES If the the phone to Press LEFT and then the More than One
while If the Waiting service activated, hear tone the The appears the You of the following: the On and the Waiting Press YES The appears. the and the Waiting Press NO You also: Press LEFT The appears. Press YES The rejected. If the network the hear If On activated, the to the specified. the and the Waiting Press LEFT repeatedly the Release and appears. Release and Press YES One Active and One active and of the follow- Switch the Press YES the Active and to the On Press LEFT followed YES to the Release to Release active? and then YES active? Both Press LEFT YES to the Release to Release and then YES More than One
the Press LEFT followed YES to the to and then YES The connected to each other, and from both The service the Conference Press LEFT YES to the to and then YES Conference Third If the Waiting service activated, third when Release and active and You hear tone the and the Release and appears the You of the following: the and the Waiting Press YES The becomes active and the the Waiting to LEFT and then YES The third rejected. the this tion, the hear If On activated, the to the specified. Conference The Conference service Creating Conference To active and To the Press LEFT YES to the to and then YES Conf More than One
New to the Conference You the and then To Press YES to the Conf the third to include the group. Press LEFT YES to the to and then YES You include to the repeating to To the the Press LEFT YES to the to Conference and then YES Conference The first phone displayed. If the and the phone the Conf instead. with RIGHT to the other Conversation with One of the If to with of the that from the and the other To Press LEFT YES to the to the to and then YES To the to the Press LEFT followed YES to the to and then YES Releasing from the Conference You release from the group, To release Press LEFT YES to the Release? to the to release and then YES while Conference You the and another You then switch the and the More than One
To the To the YES Conf the to and YES To switch the and the Press YES To the and to the the Press LEFT YES to the Release to Release active? and then YES active? the Conference Press NO More than One
Network Preferences Searching the searches the If this within another that allows to This The of which the phone selects of SIM The includes of functions that the searches You from those within Selecting New Network to Networks YES Select YES The Please displayed The then shows the of the or of the the below. of the of country and displayed. To the of the There within If there than within through the and choose the YES The currently used. within You The of the included of SIM You this Network Preferences
The of the included of SIM You this of Networks below. The of the network included the or SIM You this might to Starting Network Search to Networks YES New search YES New search The searching to the of SIM of The of the SIM If such within when the searches search If and to that allows to the this though the displayed. of You that which selection, when within The of that the SIM The function the the from the of the to the and from the of Networks to YES YES The of the first displayed. through the the To Network Preferences
Network to the Network to Networks YES YES to the first free the and YES The appears. If to that already YES and then with the arrow appears. Press YES and with the arrow the that If the appear, YES when the Other? appears. the three-digit country and the Press YES to the to the Network from the to YES YES Network to the to and YES to YES the to YES YES to the to and YES displayed. Network New Press YES and the within the Search searches This the search that activated. search the search that searches the first. If this searches another network within search that searches the first. If this the Select appears. Select as Selecting New Activating Search Networks to Networks YES Search YES YES Search Activating Search to YES Search YES YES Network Preferences
the Information The shows the of the the information shown another seconds. If and SIM this the (or the of displayed. To the information to YES info YES info Select or or of the To the of the Info to Info YES the the info function the or the (or the of of the or To the or Info Tot to Info YES Tot the the info function the the of outgoing the of the (or the of of To the counter to Info YES Tot YES YES If chosen the option, PIN2 to the counter. the
the If the option the info function the the function appears the Info to to the function, both and SIM The function and the The SIM If the of and the and Tot To the Info to Info YES YES New YES Units the the currency GBP or and then YES the and YES To the PIN2 and then YES (The PIN2 appear To to to Info YES YES Units YES PIN2 and then YES Credit If both and SIM this amount of money that This useful when phone to and their to amount specified the deducted from this amount. the amount reaches To the credit Info to Info YES YES New credit YES the amount, pounds, and then YES PIN2 and then YES the
This service and phone Service, ALS) with phone numbers, and This to business and You and (SMS) NETWORK The currently selected indicated the with and the or to the Other to to YES or to to YES From outgoing the selected. One of the the or which the calling. Each You the of the You each the tone of the and You these functions when the activated. The the Info the the currently selected. the of to YES (or YES using the information to and other characters, The of characters characters the of characters that the phone Press YES
Calling from the or vehicle the phone without to If choose which the This the that the the This that the as the the other of the this only properly. that the the This increases the of to to and the becomes clearer. to properly, to the sound around the This might this learning phase, the to might hear of his or the sound from the the microphone this as the other If the than the first try instead. the to YES YES Select the type More sophisticated They the choice and the choice becomes when this of the of The includes and which useful when the phone with Calling from
If the phone with and this function turned incoming the NO and the If choose the incoming Selecting to YES YES Select Other Handsfree-related from the the following when using Ear type with light of these specified when connected to This that of these when the connected to the when affected and the to the the to the instructions Phone Calling from
Calling Card or Card international or to charge these account. If or to the charges to of those accounts instead. phone this as easy as Activating the Calling Card to Access YES security YES Access security and YES security The to YES On YES The function activated and the the Security to Access YES security YES the and YES Security to YES and YES The of four to appears the Press YES security Credit or Calling Card phone allows to the phone This the function activated the Access Calling Card to YES YES security and YES To Calling Card or Credit Card
Select (Card or Card the (the phone to the The the as the ordinary Press LEFT or RIGHT the to To the YES the Since the (whether to or the to the yourself. LEFT and RIGHT when the Called flashes. Selecting Card If numbers, which to Calling/Credit To the to YES YES security and YES to the to the appear. Press YES to each Once selected selected the other or Calling Card the phone of the to Press and YES The to the and the necting phase, prompted to the (the of the to and the the chosen To the and the the phase, YES when the shows Called and You the of the to from the phone found the and YES to the Calling Card or Credit Card
and and To to services the and If SIM that and numbers, to the the activated, appears Next type Activating the to YES YES On YES Next This function allows to which type the incoming or then You only this phone that and Once incoming back. The the Next Incoming to Next type YES Select which type the and and
Functions Functions If the RIGHT YES to the This the phone when DTMF tones or when To the the to functions YES YES the with LEFT RIGHT and and and other characters and finished with the YES to the If and to the NO instead. You phone that found the or NO Then the corrections and then YES to the To to functions YES YES or Showing With the phone when offer where phone normally If to the this the To when the to to YES YES To phone when the phone to to YES YES Functions
CHECK If than characters and the first characters appear from the Instead, arrow shown front of the To the first characters Press RIGHT finished, LEFT If to of the RIGHT instead. Clock The function. activated, the of NETWORK shown to the the The sounds the the turned off. The of the and the flashes. The of the the of the The sound seconds and repeated turn off. the function turned off automatically. To the of the to YES YES the hours and If selected the 12-hour the Clock/Date function the and Press YES To the off Press to the off when sounds. If the to repeated, YES To the function off to YES YES YES The in-built and multiply. the this to to YES YES Functions
with RIGHT LEFT to the and YES with the RIGHT LEFT to the and YES You to the To clear the CLR To Press To the Press
Functions
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION and Troubleshooting Technical Declaration of Conformity Warranty
Troubleshooting This chapter that might while using that service of the easy to yourself. There SIM the SIM The SIM Card If the displayed, within of allowed to emergency, allow to the international Emergency There within or the too You to to that enough. PIN, PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly. PIN the PIN or PIN2, and YES to security PIN) to Matching firm the The that match. The SIM Card PIN/PIN2 Blocked. Unblock? PIN Blocked. Unblock? You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly three To The SIM Card BLOCKED BLOCKED You (PUK) incorrectly or service Troubleshooting
The phone locked. To the phone with the security You to three- to The Closed function activated and the of group. Closed On or the battery. that the properly its Indication of Battery Charging If that empty, or that and the charger to the while the the top of the shows light and the appears. Sound Quality that the and that properly the from to Troubleshooting
Several phone to the functionality and the of to of the that and from the The below of the useful combinations To this: the microphone when the and CLR and the when the first the that with to the when YES reach and the and the reach third and the and the when or NO and YES when three when reading to of when reading and LEFT and the the to the first that with when when when
Technical GSM 900/GSM1800 SIM 3V or 5V type with without +55C 10C Technical
of Charge (or AoC) to the of from of the and shown the phone Service (or ALS) to and phone This to business and To this service, Information (or AI) service that allows to about topics weather forecasts, To this service, to or or of to and from outgoing outgoing international Barring activated with To this service, Calling (or CLI) shows the of the phone You then choice as to whether or to the Bear that displayed. To this service, to to another or DTMF or Touch as tone Used
GSM The T10 which that of the GSM and the GSM PCN or DCS that the both This increases areas, and the offered It offers international thanks to the when The switching the and seamlessly, which that phone without to which the This of the should that the offered and the coverage choice of and/or The this or from the Class as Class and II allow of to to allow only with to from The service activated PIN2. that both the phone the GSM GSM the operating countries around the and There phases of roll-out the GSM and GSM phase or phase GSM known as DCS or PCN, of It and
International that the international front of telephone when of country. You then to the of the country calling. International phone that allows to switch offering coverage abroad. selects or or another International roaming based countries. Service. the to the The to and when with the arrow Network or consists of of each from where to and from wireless To to to You this from together with SIM that to with PC-Card PCMCIA. The as and phone to or and The thin type II the III thicker and house than functionality. memory phone where phone and (alpha memory search) or PIN GSM-based to establish authorization to functions or information. The PIN with
PIN2 authorization which services. PUK Unblocking to SIM This with Within this that phone with stations when the that the both to functionality. Service that services and to phone users. The this the or right arrow to the Select The select this to or function then the YES Short Service (or SMS) allows of to characters to and the to the off or of reach that they reach To this service, SIM Subscriber Identity that GSM- based It security information and memory directory of numbers. The type or credit both the functionality. SMS Short Service.
the that with the service/network To to to You SIM scriber Identity with The services included choice of and/or of the services and functions this to If of the services included please
and this information phone its introduction the the of the exciting and products developed. With with office, home, services, and others. telephone and receiver. ON and (RF) the type of purchased, operates and commonly the the which phone the and operation of these to The International Radiation Protection (ICNIRP), sponsored the World Health (WHO), published which to RF from According to this which based the of research, there that the health effects. to the ICNIRP and international such CENELEC ENV50166-2 ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, If to RF further, choose to the of and phone the and
to performance with the phone as would other telephone. While directly the mouthpiece, the and shoul- If the should the when the IN USE. the affects the to higher than and and and the phone with immediately. to the If only phone to service the Unauthorized tions, or the phone and the other type of telephone than the telephone purchased. the and regulations the of telephones the where them. Also, when using phone while please: to hands-free operation, off the and or RF vehicle the of their Check with vehicle to the of vehicle. and
and shielded from RF RF from telephones Turn phone OFF health when regulations the to telephones the of implanted people with hearing and other medically implanted should that the of phone to the to malfunction. the phone the breast using the ear the If of the and the the of interference information. Aircraft Turn phone OFF aircraft. the ground with Turn off phone the the ground. it the To interference with regulations to from to phone while the the ground. To interference with phone while the the AC supply) only to as the To reduce of to cord, from outlet holding AC rather than cord. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. To reduce of shock, from cleaning, then cloth with and
Children allow to with It toy. Children themselves or others themselves or others the with the Children the or that increase telephone To with operations, OFF when or off Construction crews often RF to off Potentially Atmospheres Turn phone OFF when with phere. It or its such or fire or death. with atmosphere clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and where the chemicals or such as or or or the of vehicle which phone and Product to or bathtub, to such as found or or the to such as winter. to to of performance, fire, shock, or and the warranty. to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized Service and
Warranty If warranty service should the to the from whom purchased. If warranty service when the service those countries International Warranty the of difficulty, of authorized service from subsidiary. Warranty warrants this as of and workmanship the of purchase and of months immediately thereafter. What If, the of the warranty, this malfunctions and service to or workmanship or its the the stated below. authorised or authorised service the countries International Warranty or this with the and these of the warranty. products countries and this Conditions The warranty only the warranty issued to the purchaser the presented, and the warranty the of the purchased and the of purchase of the the right to refuse warranty service this information or the purchase of the The Warranty
as of purchase when to the from whom the purchased. The warranty other than and workmanship. The warranty cover the following: and of to wear and tear, of or of to to the from: or including to to the Repairs non-authorized service workshops, or acts of or the of Ericsson, This or to or to to or technical or force country other than that which the originally and manufactured. This warranty such or or to whether properly or from them, or to the from its as the without the written of Ericsson. or the of this warranty right to to, or of, the of ranty. or the of this warranty with functionally reconditioned or become the property of Ericsson. This warranty the purchasers rights legislation force, the purchasers rights the from the sales/purchase the of legislation this warranty the chasers and Ericsson, its and or breach of or warranty relating to this Warranty its or with Ericssons instructions and of the or the tion or of the with the or force. of the non-authorized including to fire, and
Declaration of Conformity AB of responsibility that type 1002-BV to which this conforms to the TBR TBR TBR31, TBR32, ETS and EN following the of 91/263/EEC EMC 89/336/EEC, and 73/23/EEC October, of Declaration of Conformity
Declaration of Conformity
clock Service (ALS) service. information Barring Battery attaching charging release catch Battery charger Battery threaded C credit specifying activating forwarding. activating from service activating Calling from from phone Calling Calling (CLI) rejecting switching Card memory CB. information broadcast. information PIN Ciphering CLI. Calling Clock. Closed Conference creating extracting releasing Copying phone Credit Credit
light DTMF DTMF tones Emergency and activating editing light phone SMS International International functions sound activating the Memory (SMS) Microphone Microphone Missed Missed microphone
Network search selection Network (DTMF) from memory copying to phone memory activating/cancelling the security memory SMS replying to PIN PIN2 Preferred PUK Reading (SMS) (SMS) Rejecting (SMS) Restricting choosing type Scratch Scrolling (SMS) Shortcuts. Showing SIM release SIM activating SMS reading repeating replying to SMS (SMS) reading
Telephone Text (SMS) Tone Touch tones Turning the Turning off activating