PM
Not Inc. www.ericsson.com/phones and the products purchase PBM This published Inc., without warranty. and to this to typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated to editions of this Publication AE/LZT R1 Inc., rights Printed USA
Inc. Operations. Turning On and the the Sound the Waiting Emergency International Battery Security of Operations and Product and Battery Information FDA Consumer of Started. Attaching or Swivel Connecting and Battery Charging Battery Selecting Charger Exiting the Access Learning About Phone. Highlights of The of Functions and
Not Inc. Performance Compact Troubleshooting of or From Accessing Sounds Profiles You Can Displayed and Explanations and Index. the and Recalling or Editing Services Text Service Text Memory and and You Initial
this instructs to and and the to seconds. Not Inc. this instructs to and release the MENUS shown the following typeface: shown the following typeface: shown the following typeface: CLR the when On and Press the arrow when this Press the arrow when this Text that the shown the following typeface: displays and the hourglass The shortcuts to
Inc. Protection and International American National National Council Radiation Protection. The of with the FCC (and those Since its introduction the the phone of the exciting and products developed. to with office, services and others. and TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: phone to efficiently: NORMAL POSITION: the as would other with the pointed and shoulder. Unauthorized modifications, or only the or the and FCC regulations. the (FCC) previously both US and international RF with wireless Those with the and receiver. ON, and wireless telephone (RF) to with the affects and the when the phone the phone to higher than otherwise (where of the health and industry the of research and physicians from government Those based and to the ANSI (C95.1). NCRP ANSI C95.1 ICNIRP and
The Health Industry Association that with the research and of inches wireless phone and to interference with the These of Wireless Research. shielded shielded from RF RF from wireless Not Inc. Devices the and the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, while please: to first responsibility. operation, Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their when the turned ON. Should the ear the to the interference. Should the breast with to wireless phone and its such as and off the and or the following phone while or wireless within easy reach. wireless with hearing the of such interference, to service (or the service to Hearing alternatives). If reason to that interference OFF immediately. or emotional that distracting. when or and the traffic; traffic. or wireless when necessary. wireless to others wireless phone to or while and
Not Inc. Turn OFF when with atmosphere and and instructions. such or fire or death. vehicles using (such as or where the chemicals or such as or and other where clearly They include such as stations; below or or with atmosphere often normally to off vehicle Potentially Atmospheres from RF physician to of to shielded If other the Other Devices this information. that to Turn phone OFF health when regulations these to or health RF the or the If in-vehicle wireless including both or wireless the improperly and the inflates, serious inflates with force. DO NOT with or its vehicle. You should RF improperly or shielded with the the of that to Vehicles vehicle. Turn OFF facility where This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. Product and To with operations, phone OFF when or posted: Turn off and instructions. FCC regulations phone while the Switch OFF aircraft. Aircraft and
of DANGER the AC or If the the shock. Not Inc. Dont the the Battery Information and the following and operation of allow to with They themselves or others, or the that and to or to to battery. the the recycling of rechargeable batteries. the U.S., Recycling Corporation (RBRC), non-profit service of the Rechargeable Battery to the recycling of rechargeable U.S., recycling instructions. Recycling Battery capacity, to the battery. The with charged. New AC supply) to as the recommended. to them of performance or and the warranty. to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized Service allow to or to products. recharging or battery. If battery, or that of off to should charge the rechargeable service treated properly. should within hours the to reach capacity. Battery and To reduce of shock, the from the attempting cleaning. Once cloth lightly with cleaning. tripped or otherwise subjected to or the located that stress. To reduce of the from the outlet the AC the outlet rather than the cord. and
Not Inc. this type of to the allow to that absolutely used. They of (RF), radiation) the microwave while through heating (this to these clear of the of health associated with the cook food). known whether, to what or when the stand-by It through what of RF might or that they the health as Although research to known that high of RF of of the concern? to This the to the the another such as This and the battery. or This reduce the where subjected to batterys capacity. to that built-in that to the and the head. The to RF from head telephone These of the of drastically than that from hand-held RF telephone house and which about the of of the the which the located from the with from the The of which connected to the the of the RF and What of and the AC/DC with phone warranty. when the below 50F (10C) or 105F (40C). allow the to the mouth. Battery toxic Turn phone OFF the battery. The U.S Food and Administration (FDA) about the of including and PCS health, and what to This unknown about whether these products to The following what known and what information to to FDA Consumer and
often the used, or the of the fact, of separately, however, occurred the increase with the actually with hours of phone type of It with found phone and of the National causing increase with increased of the that this Cancer expected to bear the and repeatability of these Not Inc. It should noted that the of of of together. this than three years. the of laboratory when they exposed to RF to There that already treated with conflicting and of the that however, that of RF type of than as such causing chemicals, and other the to the RF Second, of the that showed increased to from their research the effects of RF characteristic to to about whether obtained Briefly, there enough to from apply to the of to apply the obtained and to however, research The existing there that of conflicting might to hours continuously lymphocytes. of the showed of the RF known to to heating, heat caused the Researchers conducted of laboratory to These included of abnormalities, including the of to phone RF to The already the the the which the of the to RF conflicting. aberrations, DNA and the of hours of It that the to to phone radiation, The this showed this heating. Since this follow-up research necessary. the sheath). statistically found and acoustic There hospital-based, researchers type of or acoustic of phone and when and industry research the of This research that the years the United States, the and
Not Inc. with to that this type of people who whether or they their of people with with the of matched people without increasing of about month), about greater people who than the of whether the of of to whether of What known about of that the One to that to the people who of about people each At that reported users of the or whether would of of expected each year those fact, the U.S. This expected to to FDA research and to the follow-up to these industry- Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA) oversight of research based such FDA currently with government, industry, and research Collaboration with the other of reported recently the Cancer as as the follow-up research to sponsored The of the National industry, to this type of information. of people to phone numbers, or or their memory, laboratory while they when they to This function tests. There the to they to choices the noted than compared. there increased of associated with locations, however, of and matched used. this occurred they to the of the head where the of the increased too to statistically the FDA the of authority to action shown to with or However, the agency products such as as it the of to users of the that to the such FDA What concerning the of to that research to the with including other and industry, the that there or health associated with of FDA to summary, enough information this to to the about the of and
concerned about there holding and If there from these products and this of their Those who the shorter or they to factor know that there people the of information about what concerned when other of Not Inc. research effects of RF of the type health and to or the that the Although the existing FDA actions this FDA the industry to of to The agency recommended that the industry: People who their switch to type of phone that off dramatically with they their and the of the RF, the switch to: mounted the of the or built phone with built-in connected to package, or which the located the vehicle, that RF to the user that function; and information what known about of users with the health. At the FDA to interagency of the that responsibility aspects of to coordinated the These National Occupational and Health the that from these products, the outlined people concerned about the reduce headset with to phone the National Telecommunications and Information Administration The National of Health this group. Occupational Health and Administration Communications Commission Protection Agency and
Not Inc. function Int. J. Preece, AW, G, Davies-Smith, A, K, S, E, and Varey, A. Effect of L, A, A, and Mild, KH. of telephones and the Int. J. Oncol., Information to RF (FCC) RF from and PCS Commission Radiation Protection World Health (WHO) International As) information, the following Where information? U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) Devices and Health Study of Telephone and Brain State of the California. Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA) United National Protection Tice of phone activity genotoxicity March Washington, D.C.; and unpublished and other laboratory of the and
Inc. head screwdriver, shown the following the screw clockwise as the screw. the the top of the first, the Complete the following to phone the first the this to the Started release to the back of the with the the screw-in the thicker top. screwdriver, the to the the or waistband. Swivel the to the to the Attaching the to section this chapter. with or Turn phone On to the Operations chapter. Attaching or Swivel charge and to the Charging Battery section this chapter. To the release the top of the and the and of the with the While that the screw through both the and through the the screw the the back of the the from the top of the the from the Started
Inc. To battery, the charging this section. The the and included the charge the Charging Battery Connecting and Battery the the back of the The the should the charger to that If attaching the charger the to appears the Charging charge-only this activated the charging the battery. You or when charge- Charge-Only The the of the the top of the the should the of the Press hear click. The become when the the phone charge-only when the connected. charging the the charged. charging the hours the should the charge-only automatically. Charging Battery the charger to the phone hours to the battery. the the of the with thumb. the and of the battery cavity. Started
Not Inc. the charger the with the and facing To the the the charger the If the phone On, the the once the If the charge-only Charging Complete appears the when the charged. Selecting Charger Press the the the while or removing the the charger cord! To the the connected to the phone upwards and charging the phone the the the charger with the the of The the phone the with of the following chargers: If phone On, while the attached to The charger to charge while the charger charger charger Charger If the On, the the once the If the charge-only Charging Complete appears the once the charged. Started
Not Inc. the with the facing and the the the back of the charger the the as the the with the the back of the previous Connecting the Cord to the To the charger to the Charger attached to If phone On, The charger to charge while the while using the To charge the the charging to AC and the Charger If On, and while the Charging Battery Attached to while or the the cord! the AC the To charge the the the the charger the previous while or the the cord! the with the and facing the AC seated the and the the charger when the phone properly the front The light the right front of of the that the Press the the the the of The the phone the the charger with the the the front of the and The charge attached to phone charger the the the of the The completely the charging Charger Started
the rear the charger to battery. light steady while the charger Press the light the right of the The the battery. It anywhere from to hours to charge the battery, the type. Not Inc. the the rear of the from the that the attached to charged. light which charger when the the from the charger when the light which that the charged. The light steady when the charger charging the battery. which that the charged. the from the charger when the light light when the The properly seated the Charging Battery the the of the the and then charging the to capacity. Conditioning the memory that from repeatedly charging the The of the charger to Conditioning Battery attached to phone and the front and You charge the another the Started
Not Inc. phone phone offers the TDMA operating and Learning About Highlights of Sounds (with Text service with call-back to service 2KB of incoming outgoing roaming and the contoured, and light-weight Active and Easy-to-use graphics (with accessory phonebook function Security PIN (four restriction Screening that displays the of to Missed Lighted Learning About
Not Inc. The following of the terms this to The of Light and to On or NO Clear CLR Arrow Arrow YES Charger and Connectors Battery Learning About
Not Inc. Active Profile shows Profiles to on/off to activated (Normal, or battery. If the connected to and the and the the Battery shows the relative of battery. the and The following to the of Waiting New Text shows whether the phone currently operating or shows the relative from the More The and of the light top of the following Flashing Light Functions Waiting the of that heard. Active Profile Battery Flashing and the to Only. Steady from such as Flashing Flashing Red: that the the This the of New Text the of text that read. that phone or sounds. If activated, the to Learning About
or to through when when text recalling from Press and from the to while number-edit the Press to through and and the Press to through when Press and to through Press and to the to the the activation. selections when phone Press to the back text Not Inc. Arrow Press (from the the outgoing Press and to Press to phone Press and to displayed Press to incoming Press to Press to text displayed. Press to as tones. Functions YES or to through when Press and to through when text Press and from the to recalling from while number-edit the and the Press to through and selections when Press and to the to the right Press to through when from Press to the text back Arrow Press incoming to the Press and to phone On or Press to without Press to clear the Press to to the the Press to On, NO, Learning About
Inc. Press to the the the microphone muted, and Press to selected text when Press and to the Press and to the Press and to clear or to the microphone reading CLR Press the to temporarily the Press to the back light (when the Press to increase the tone when Press the to temporarily the Press to the back light (when the Press to the tone when Press the Press to and lower- Press to while Press and while Press entry. or to the Press and to when The and tially when the phone closed. This phone to and to the If the the to option to or flip/any the microphone the muted, the to the microphone and Learning About
Not Inc. The phone to unauthorized The to The following phone the shown the phone The the right of the indicated the that active this the The charge-only and or You attempted to that restricted the The reaching its lowest The searching You active You active Battery charging finished. The muted. The of answered. The microphone muted. Learning About
Inc. Press This: To This: YES the shown the Press This: To This Summary of Operations Operations Press and YES the text reading Press and YES the the Press and YES DTMF tones or then Turn On or or then Turn On or YES YES Select highlighted from the or the YES or the NO Press and NO Turn phone On Press and NO Turn Decrease ear Increase ear or Access the or Access the or the Press and CLR or NO the when Press and to phonebook Press and to activation Press and to from the Missed YES Incoming Press and CLR or or through or CLR from CLR the or NO back Operations
Not Inc. Selection appears the Press to the YES The Press to to the CLR Press to to the previous NO the Sound phone On and holding phone sounds NO turn If the option activated, the phone Turning On and Press or from the to the To the sound Press to the Sound Press to the SOUNDS or Turn phone On. To and sounds NO and off. You the to the the To the or highlighted. You hear of the each sound as Press the or repeatedly the sound through the of sounds. the sound highlighted, YES Selection appears the Press to to the CLR Press to to the previous NO Sound appears the Press the or repeatedly the option highlighted. The options American English, American Spanish, and Press or from the to the Press to the Press to the SETTINGS Turn phone On. Operations
Not Inc. the connected, and the of The that Press shown the while Connecting YES the To the the or Turn phone On. or the to NO the seconds three the Retry If to and the the section Retry the chapter. phone the Retry highlighted. You hear of the currently selected Press the or repeatedly the sound as each selection. or from the to the Press the highlighted, YES Selection appears the Press to the Press to to the NO SOUNDS Press to the appears the back light flash, and the light top of the ID) service from service the flashes If shown the If the the the Incoming the the and through the SOUNDS tone sounds the phone to the The shown the You to or the or CLR and to CLR Press to to the CLR Operations
Not Inc. Increasing or Decreasing Ear Press the to increase the ear Press the to the ear To the ear Waiting the the with the phone shown when the received. the to the If the deactivated the ANSWER OPT the phone the and pressing The Incoming YES the or the to NO the If service from service YES switch the YES NO to when the You ready to both You clear the from the shows the of or turning the PHONE LISTS To Incoming If from from the Missed shown below. YES the Incoming of the To temporarily the tone without the the or or the NO. active. the the Pressing NO the to the the closed and NO the shown the and Incoming the the or YES the Microphone Temporarily the Tone the back light without clearing the This useful the the or when the the and the the and If to or the then closing To the microphone and the CLR Mic Muted appears the when the muted. this to to Operations
Not Inc. Stop and of with when to and then another and each of numbers. This such as or You of and YES the phone to Stop Stop and previously called. To these numbers, from the YES The shown the You the phone YES Press or to through the other phone numbers. You to shown the temporarily phone PHONE LISTS through the of the the You of and holding shown the office that to phone the following: seconds the You temporarily shown the holding You from the and holding while the shown the CLR to to the phone to the phonebook containing the phone To and the that phonebook and MANAGER one-touch CALL The when through the phonebook through tones. the phone and then YES than seconds, the If the would to The YES instead of the or where the phone to MANAGER CALL The when through the to the phone phonebook and YES containing the phone to then YES To the of the phonebook to phone numbers. Operations
The location of the including or Not Inc. people involved, their and International You of numbers, which include and phonebook You then the the phonebook and the phone YES the Emergency If service ID) service, shows the of incoming the Also, the phone that when phone If the ID information shown the ID restricted the service phonebook with the shown with the phone the NO ID shown the The If service international with as would from other If completing international with service information. from service or the outlet where service purchased phone should to the and there of through the when manufactured. The with CALL MANAGER The If fire, or or and the that from YES with location, or The to know the following: If fire, or and The of the Operations
Not Inc. The sounds when reaching its lowest the within hours that the and then off. You should and the light top of flashes red. The Battery the this turned The the charge to capacity. Battery The factory-programmed You this to security the chapter. If phone security that to to such as and numbers. security the section security service Security Operations
Not Inc. the that to highlighted, The of the appears the YES You through the of or Press or to through the of this chapter thoroughly to to to through the and to the easy to: To back to the of Pressing from NO NO of to the Press- from the and CLR to the Press or to through the the to highlighted. the as the section, then: Press or from the to the and phone from phonebook sound and other sound text and other phone features Other of choices, such as the such as On and Press The choices the shown the YES The currently active choice indicated the the CALL MANAGER the SOUNDS Press from the when the that to YES highlighted. Press or from the to the Press to to the CLR Press to to the pervious NO To of the
Not Inc. SOUNDS phone when them. If the Sound and the or then then to directly to the choices to the sound the Sound shortcuts to and the hourglass Press or to through the of choices the choice of these to the choices. The active highlighted. If the choices, choice indicated with Press to the choice selected or YES NO to the without If the The of then shown the appear Selection summary of the operations this the Operations chapter. of shown the of the front cover of this Pressing from NO CLR Press to back To to the NO phone to the If while of the the phone to allow to the Exiting the that and or the of the and then the If know the associated with the to of the Access
Not Inc. Press or to through and function. Press or to the Accessing The option title of the selected option below the when highlighted. The that the top-level Press to the function, or that high- YES lighted. Press to back the NO Press to the completely. CLR or Option the CALL MANAGER Option the PHONE LISTS MESSAGES Option the Option the SETTINGS SOUNDS Option the The Entry allows to phone and accompanying and and information. The PHONE LISTS the following choices Entry to to Profiles to that The Option the PROFILES
Not Inc. ID (the appears first). To the shown Incoming the with If ID service from service the the YES PHONE LISTS Incoming To If from from the Missed shown below. YES Incoming the of the Incoming Entry The allows to Entry You the the with the or the and holding from the this chapter information about The The allows to the ID. to the section of phonebook Each then Work, School, A, B, and C. sound associated with and options Family, Entry the or to through the If the received the with the shown the The allows to and the phone that called. The the and and holding the or The the The recently appears first. The the and and holding the or The Calling Card and Calling Card allow to to You prompted to security to the Calling Card and Calling Card Calling Card and Calling Card If the the phonebook the or to through the You the pressing from the YES with the shown the To the phone shown the YES
If when the The the or International Calling to the The Inc. Access Stop and the to allow the Access To cards, the Calling Card Calling Cards to completed) Press or from the to the To cards, the following Calling Cards, or highlighted. International To the the the to highlighted. Press to through the Press to the highlighted option. YES and To the Stop Press or the Calling Card or Calling Card highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press when the highlighted. YES Calling Card Press to of the YES You prompted to security Press or highlighted. the Press to highlight Access Press to YES Press to the YES the to YES the selection. Press to through the options that Press to Access YES the Press to the YES
Not Inc. The to the number(s) that the To The currently active selected when or the to highlighted. Press to the YES Press and The and the active YES shown the or the to Calling Card service to numbers/subscriptions. phone that to which where international roaming If switch obtained from allowed service If this offers The to optional that the option of telephone to service or from service It the following: of chosen the or International to the of numbers. If If using numbers, or YES the the specified tern. The Card allows to assign as To which the following: Release the the displayed. Card Press to to the or to to NO CLR the highlighted, to YES switch to that phone Press or the phone highlighted. Press or from the to the PHONE LISTS Press when the highlighted. YES Press or highlighted. Press to the YES Press or Card One or Card highlighted (the selection indicated Press or from the to the Press when the PHONE LISTS highlighted. YES Press or Card highlighted. Press to the Card YES Press to the to YES
You through the of the or Once read, to the options the YES selected Reply, Callback, and Inc. off and and locked. You each phone or to apply to the currently selected phone only. Memory Used The to the of phonebook that and the of phonebook that Memory Used character countdown the right If approaches the length, of the of the when to choose to include the or with the The to and To and and services that from service The MESSAGES choices specifying and text and or To The to service ready to the Press to the or YES You prompted with to that YES Once the text included SMS, to the as NO The allows to and service from service Service received. The or the first The allows to the of and From this the choose to or of each displayed. Press to the YES to the previous
Not Inc. Memory Used The displays the of the memory that and the of the memory that that to incoming created or Memory Used that ready to the Press to the YES Once the text included SMS, You prompted with to YES or to the as NO "I You allows to the templates instead of creating the or to the the text to the the information. The allows to of text group. You of to or to or the to the of to The four options the Read, and Unread. Security The and You prompted to security to the from the selected the and with the subject, or the first of text the which they created. You through the of the or The three options The allows to of and that They the to to You the option You these when prompted with NO to The allows to of The with the or the first of the the they You options selected the through the of the or The and allows to previously the read, then the updated appears as to the this option. If the already the and that
to memory, to locations The options warning and with the to warning," the only when or when there three or memory and to additional memory to and warning. If with or memory and already and to "warning," to memory. Not Inc. The three options Priority Normal, and Priority The allows to Emergency Priority to or write the The allows to include callback This that the of the they and to YES Callback The CALL MANAGER allows to information and It to and options and establish and phone selections this service statistics. or The allows to choose Select the item The three options YES callback information displayed. You which of or to highlight and The allows to input as phone instead they and to receivers of the to appear the to without actually knowing YES The the of the and seconds. It when to the The The allows to options On or callback information
Not Inc. The allows to to which to the or phone the to the phone the You to the to to office the or of the The shows the of and the hours and that used. The prompted Counter YES appears the appears the Option On, The to the phone to YES the phone The phone as the and the function than through the The options the The Retry when repeats every seconds to three the Retry On and Retry The allows to of the following the or to the or to YES YES with Press to Press to YES YES The allows to phonebook the or and The options On and YES to the phone The allows to that the the then On to the The this function On and The to the phone when to On, and
If phone Calling allow the of the Card Calling Card or If allow to with or that with The allow access. Not Inc. You prompted to security to the The allows to phone phonebook through and holding the to the phonebook The options On and functionality of the options the LOCKS The to outgoing The to country. Selections this function The options Allow and If selected, The allows to the phone incoming You prompted to to the If phone outgoing If phone only allow of phone numbers. allow of phone with to and If Allow phone with or that with or The phone allow access. such as and numbers. The The SecurityCode allows to to factory-programmed You this to security If security service or Security If Allow phonebook phone allow to phone phonebook while this allow of that with and If international The phone allow access.
Not Inc. The allows to the and from the this from the service The allows to the American English, French, the The American Spanish, and the To the the The restricts from each If while active, security to the You prompted to to the SecurityCode On the phone On. The function turned character characters that displays when numbers, and to the section and off characters the to The allows to three-line, the the chapter information. Turn the phone off and and then NO the phone back and NO The restricts from the The locked of the following: You prompted to security to the Press or highlight the or off to choose, and to select. YES If granted, phone sounds warning tone indicating that active. The tone sounds the of the and then every seconds the as The three the function On-warning, and service areas. If shown the active, the The allows to service service offers the completed, the to the The and and off. or
Not Inc. Press or the Select highlighted. the highlighted, to switch to YES that Press or the highlighted. Press or Network highlighted. Select Press to the YES Press to YES when or pressed. The backlighting to or to On seconds the Light to the and Light and The the C function Light, the to the Light, and Light Press to to the previous or to to NO CLR the The of the item phone allows The search other when the and This that phone which phone searches. Priority allows to the of the service first, Network Priority The Select allows to and manually selected. This geographic include as as and This function useful to the from which service. This than that currently location. The following to Select options: Select Press or from the to highlight the SET- TINGS To Priority the following: SETTINGS Press to the YES selection If service allows, the selection the should service Network following: Press or from the to highlight the SET- TINGS Press to the SETTINGS YES
Not Inc. allows to to the searching that To of the of this selected, the phone to memory, the following: SET- Press or from the to highlight the TINGS Press to the SETTINGS YES Press to the of the highlighted item to first. Press to the of the highlighted item to second. Press to the of the highlighted item to third. Press or the Select highlighted. Select Press to the YES Press or to highlight service. Press or Priority highlighted. Press to Priority. YES You to the Search and to the NO Press to the highlighted to memory. YES Select Press or the highlighted. Press or the that to to memory highlighted. Select Press to the YES Press or highlighted. Press to YES Once the search with of and If Search allows to manually switch to another to search that to switch to another the following: Search Select Press or the highlighted. SET- Press or from the to highlight the TINGS Press to the SETTINGS YES The SOUNDS the following choices the and sounds and Sounds or You to the Search and to the NO Press or highlighted. Press or Search highlighted. Select Press to the YES Press to the highlighted YES Press to Search. YES
Not Inc. The Ear allows to the of the using the There the You the The Sound allows to choose the sound when The four options Sound Click, or Ear Sound when selected. The options shown the when the phone The to or sounds. The and and off. or On or The Access Tone allows to sound three to outgoing connected to the The options Access Tone On and The when turned On, about seconds each The sounding the ear or options On and Access The Sound allows to choose the type of sound or the Each sound or as through the There sounds. The allows to the of the The from the lowest to the from Extra-Low, High, or highest as the phone to Sound The when allows to and other DTMF tone-operated The options Tone phone DTMF tones. The options Tone Tone On and turned DTMF tones This allows operations On and Tone incoming The three options The allows to Only, Ring/Vibrate, and Only.
Not Inc. These include Normal, the to operating Profile Profile and Profile and Profile Profile Profile Meeting Normal The PROFILES the following Profile selections: The allows to the the of or The options On and Profiles vehicle or the activated. to or the activated. The apply Once activated or to the active Non apply to which allow to to operating located throughout These to throughout the to allow to easily switch and of each indicated the or choose to the or the to of that of Press or to the to the of phonebook and restricted from through the the Once selected the to screened, to YES Normal Ear and Sound to however, these to from Normal to or them off completely. indicated the the right of the
Not Inc. the to selections to the factory The function Press to the phone to its factory security YES and to their factory to the factory You prompted to security to the The three options NextCallType know that they to the NextCallType to and and to NextCallType the to specify what type of ready to the You specify of that restricted from through each of the Next NextCallType If to or NextCallType The the incoming received. the received, the Next- CallType to mation connecting to and If or to NextCallType to or infor- initiating to the and chapter. throughout the Press to the phone to its factory YES active to its factory Profile the to the currently security You prompted to security to the Profile Profile
Not Inc. the or phonebook to and You phone and associated Each to length, and to characters length. the associated with this to and this chapter). Press or from the to the PHONE LISTS Press or the highlighted. Entry Press to the The YES shown the Entry Press or the highlighted. Press to the PHONE LISTS YES phone You the of with the and reduces the amount of memory and the that based each the PHONE LISTS the of containing and 20-character through the PHONE LISTS and which the Press to the YES To to the field. the of the phonebook to that Press to the phonebook YES shown the Press to the to the the the to There three to phone and phonebook: phone using the PHONE LISTS already shown the memory. the
Not Inc. With the shown the to the Already Shown the PHONE LISTS Press or the highlighted. or character, or appears the to A, the once. To B, the Press the or repeatedly the and Press this Entry Press to The phone shown the YES of the Entry If to to associated with this it the and then to the to the follow the previous the phone phonebook If to phone phonebook The the phonebook Specifying Press to the phone the YES Press the Entry highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press to the YES and lowercase. C through with the and phonebook with the The and lowercase Character to selection. the
Not Inc. You to the the YES To search the the the and the The and shown the phone memory recalled prompted to security If the memory, follow the previously the and memory! the security To and phone then and You YES appears the Memory the of the phone memory. to the Entry Press and Follow the previously PHONE LISTS Entry from the Recalling From Memory Press Security appears the YES Press the highlighted. Press or from the to the Recalling the PHONE LISTS Recalling the PHONE LISTS Recalling or Recalling phone from memory. There this: If the security the phone shown the security To the of the the You of the or the If the phone the first the through alphabetical of to the that matches the Then phone the or Press to the Entry You YES Press or the PHONE LISTS highlighted. Entry Press or the highlighted. Press to the PHONE LISTS YES the Phonebook
the of the and This allows YES To search entry, the first of to alphabetically through the the character Press and (where the CLR phonebook shown the Press to the from the phonebook. YES tion shown the Not Inc. the shown the to the to the To to the of the the the phone Recalling or from this Editing assigning to and the Sound. If from to or whose incoming screened that the sound. The the sound. with the to allow of the PROFILES to the section the of each Group, the chapter information The allows to To to the to CLR and then the Press to the YES with the tion 00X appears the Press to the phone The YES (where the of existing entry). 00X Press or the and to shown the Press or from the to the Press to the Entry The phonebook YES appears the Press The PHONE LISTS shown the YES Press or the PHONE LISTS highlighted. Press or the Entry highlighted. the Phonebook
Inc. Press to the The of YES appears the Press or from the to the Press or the highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press The shown the YES Press or the PHONE LISTS highlighted. to Press to the The of YES appears the Press or from the to the Press or the highlighted. PHONE LISTS Press The shown the YES Press or the PHONE LISTS highlighted. to Press to the to which to YES options. the or The selected indicated Press or to through of phonebook Select highlighting the and Press or the that to highlighted. Press or highlighted. Press to YES Press to the to which to assign YES (including The active type Press or to through the indicated Group. The selected type only when Press to the that to assign to YES from of the Press or the that to highlighted. Press or highlighted. Press to YES Press to to the CLR Press to to the NO Press to YES service ID this to properly. Press to to the CLR Press to to the NO the
Inc. Emergency shown and of the which the received. phone The services Text and the of services service and to Services sounds and appears the If turned On when text Normal Text Text the following types: Normal, and Emergency. text memory. The classified the of or callback phone phone of 2KB of text its the the the service The assignment and the callback with service the service the to If On, the If phone service the and Text Service sounds and appears the If phone turned On when text If turned On when sounds tones, and appears the seconds prompting to the received, phone or text Emergency Text Services
Not Inc. which appears the of the of the to callback phone the phone callback phone the the If there callback the location the and holding of the arrow the the location CLR Callback or phone that attached to or within These phone specified the the Text With Callback text received, the text overwrites text text from memory memory the text memory and flashing, text that If memory and the Text Memory To to the displayed and YES the and or appear the top right section of If there or callback phone the phone appears the prompting to If while reading that callback YES the If to the To the YES and reading the NO If text memory this The read, text text The text read. Existing Unread the following of Text through the callback phone or the callback phone that to appears, YES If to the callback and reading the NO Services
Press to and the treated as NO You the ory If that read, and the text Reading Unread Text appear the Not Inc. Press to the incoming YES If text memory the text Existing text flash. You or text The text and Reading Text Press to the Once the YES You or through the three through the or and holding or Press or from the to the Press or the highlighted. Press or the MESSAGES highlighted. Press or the highlighted. Press to the YES Press to the MESSAGES YES To the text sound, and appears the that that or tones Reading Text Immediately emergency, or received. The and as It Press to the or to the YES NO the or To the text To the and The CLR To the text to memory, and The YES to and text the following: and Text sounds tone and appears the prompting to the (the to text To the text of the Reading Text following: the three pressing and holding or Services
Not Inc. If tone and the sounds and appears the shown the the phone appears to that phone To to the The when turned On. If service the and phone turned the the phone On. To the and to the The to to Service displays when It to number(s) that Once and holding If phone turned On and when phone sounds If previously to the this appears the Press or from the to the To or the highlighted. Press or the MESSAGES highlighted. Press to the YES Press to the MESSAGES YES or To the shown, To credit YES and To to the YES NO If this seconds, another when The phone as appears that the opportunity to Services
Not Inc. If there the the that that heard. phone the Press or to to the NO CLR Press Selection appears the YES and You credit YES To the to the and holding YES Press or from the to the If Press or the highlighted. Press the MESSAGES highlighted. Press to selected YES MESSAGES Press to the YES To to these to the the Press and Services
Not Inc. of the software the the connected computers, to the closed of the computers. While the to properly involved. To or with where the to to or office or the This chapter to the with and to telephone service. Rather than to however, the phone allows to to or or phone to the and the and terminate the To or with to properly software or the chase that with phone and the If service Differences and to Service (ISP) when Once to ISP established, or disconnected to properly (browser) to or the World To software and to account with ISP and ISP, the the of or to inactivity. phone and each type of software that and
To properly with the that the following and software: operating that software, such as or Not Inc. functional Throughout this chapter, to to as operation, the following: that the and software You interface The that of the to and The other of the that matches the interface DA Accessory matches the the of the other to the to first-time of phone and the following access, or software Class from Class Initial Confirm that service services If service with phone and purchase that the with the software to phone as phone to The includes sory which includes interface to You DA The of service imply that service ation. that the necessary and
Not Inc. the and and If to manually to To the instructions from service that phone manually, the following: Press or from the to the PROFILES Press or the highlighted. and as You purchase interface supply stores. If trying to to interface ERICSSONZ ERICSSONZ Press or the type the highlighted. appears the phone Selection to type incoming Press or the NextCallType highlighted. NextCallType Press to the The YES selection indicated button. Press to the highlighted type. YES PROFILES Press to the YES the sections and and this DA Accessory to the operating the loaded, to the of this chapter with From Compact section the included The software that to Software chapter. software to the instructions with If to the NextCallType The to every each software started. You then ready to or initiate phone and properly as as or as with other and software started. You then ready to and If )as as or and properly phone the to the Troubleshooting chapter. and and
interface disconnected, the from phone and the from or when phone from and to the previously selected Not Inc. With Other Disconnecting the procedures and and the instructions from service that phone phone disconnected. as finished the NO To charges, terminate as software to this automatically. of the from DA Accessory the charger the of the from DA Accessory the other of the from DA Accessory the To charge with or charger operation, the following: or Charger the charger the You while and You the NextCallType to You section the of this chapter with this Then to initiate from with software to when connected to the the and the of or This with phone and the The operating While Connected to and
Not Inc. should operation. This Both and to of You with operation as Performance Charging Battery ERICSSONZ ERICSSONZ It to from vehicle. from another. to to and off the and or vehicle satisfactory when from to when the upright It to the phone If when the and the telephone when of the from DA Accessory the back of To charge with operation, the following: Charger the other of the from DA Accessory the the charger the of the from DA Accessory selected To phone to phone charger and from and to the previously software. the phone the front of charger the and
Not Inc. the appears, Next Once found the OK CD-ROM D, type the CD-ROM appear, to the New If neither the the Instructions the of this chapter. stationary operation, caused vehicles or people operation, the correction of the interruptions of that would nearby, of strength. You the phone to that bothersome software used. interruptions path. Disturbances the screen appears, the tion of and the the COM to which assigned. then Double-click the From the that properly Complete the following to the INF OK Click to proceed. (INF Complete the following to the From Turn On Compact the New appears, Next New If the appear, to the Instructions the of this chapter. the from DA Accessory of to phone and the other to Turn On the New appears, choose At the from type D:\ the then from and New OK from DA Accessory One the of the following appear: of to phone and the other to and
Not Inc. from D:\ At the Copy from CD-ROM D, type the CD-ROM New Dont At the from then Next At the New Dont Next then New At the Select Search the (recommended) Next and then Double-click the From the that properly ready to the this Next appears, finished the software that appears, Next Select the CD-ROM and that properly From the then Double-click the appears, of and the the appears, the the COM to which assigned. Select the COM to which phone Next connected and New ricsson At the then Next of and the the appears, the the COM to which assigned. of or OK Click to proceed. when attempting or the appear to or This You or OK Click to proceed. Troubleshooting Complete the following to manually the INF From the then Double-click the of to and the other to At the New Other Click Next Turn On Click and
If that its then type the following +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; that as Not Inc. OK Click to to the Click OK to to Advanced Click *ERVNOK=1 TDMA Select from the pull-down From the To the the following: Click that the to the type the following: OK Click to to the Click OK to to +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; Double-click the Select the then Select the Click Advanced Click Click TDMA Select from the pull-down To over-the-air the following: that service the over-the- From the You over-the-air the type the following: OK Click to to the OK Click to to service Double-click the Select the then the Select the Advanced Click Click Click +COS=4,1,2,1; If using that its then type the following +COS=4,1,2,0; +ES=1,0,1; +DS=0,0,512,6; that as From the from the pull-down the following the of the the Double-click the You Select the then the Click Advanced Click and
Not Inc. If that its then type the following +COS=4,1,2,1; that as that as You initiating from temporarily the software that the to COM If COM and
Not Inc. to memory text memory Displayed and Explanations You Can the SOUNDS to the Screening to that Screening If The when received. selected Group. and The On. Charge or the battery. searching service You which The too to when the or phone with the Condition the and charging three function the charger to the The to charge to capacity. tery. This of its the phone The becomes slightly red. the off, The The light such as the with or You incorrect the security You Can
Not Inc. high trying the shows You geographic with service. of geographic locations where and service and coverage of the This geographic as The If to with Customer the Customer North America, 1-800-ERICSSON from the following locations: If information or or would to purchase Accessories: the U.S.A., 1-800-ERICSSON America, Elsewhere, You Can
Inc. Customer Charging CLR Connectors Cards Card International Emergency Calling Cards ID Callback Chargers C Removing Option Retry Access Aircraft Index Performance of Initial Vehicles Select Charge-Only Battery Location Conditioning and Battery Information Connecting Information Charging Recycling Light New Battery
Not Inc. Services Microphone Memory Used Accessing Sounds FDA Consumer Started Arrow Light International Light Incoming to Other Devices Learning About Functions Hearing Emergency Highlights Index
with Product and Operation FDA Consumer On Started Security Select Security Access Ear Sound Light Sounds Inc. Potentially Atmospheres Product and Specifying You Can On/Off Memory On Profiles Priority Next NO Callback Priority Recycling Battery Profile Sound Recalling Recalling Editing Incoming to Atmospheres Aircraft
Not Inc. Arrow Troubleshooting Option Network Network Ear Sound Sound Select with YES Text Reading Text Emergency Callback of Technical Text Service
Not Inc.
Inc.
Not Inc.
Inc.
Not Inc.
Not Inc.
Not Inc. or NO the when Press Press Press and CLR Press or Decrease ear Increase ear Access or or or or or or or or or or or Work with Work with text Work with Memory Used or or NO or Press and NO Press YES and YES Turn On/Off shown the the or or Press YES Access the outgoing Press and CLR or Press YES Press or Press CLR Press NO through While to back or Press CLR the or selected from the the outgoing AE/LZT R1 Press YES Select highlighted
Not Inc. Press and Press and or or or or or Access SETTINGS Access PROFILES Access Profile Activation Access SOUNDS phone Profile or or or Access PHONE LISTS Access CALL MANAGER Access MESSAGES Shortcuts appears YES the Release the YES the to Press and or or or or or or or or or or or or or or Calling Card Phones Security Phones Phones Sounds Security Ear Sound Sound Light displayed. You to (or of that Emergency ERICSSONZ the
Not Inc. Next Profile monly or The You the that appear and to each and the pressing or and The then Incoming Calling Card Calling Card Memory Used Card Entry Entry Access Ear Sound Sound Security Select Light Memory Used Option Retry
AE/LZT R1 PM