T28s AB, SE-221 EN/SVV R1A
AB Not T28s This published AB without warranty. and to this typographical of information, or to and/or AB and with- however, incorporated editions of this rights AB Publication EN/LZT R1B Printed INNOVATRON PATENTS Started Turning On and Information and Functions and Functions and T28 the the Service and Text (SMS) Incoming Security and More than One Network Preferences the Calling Card and and The Profile Services Additional Information Troubleshooting Technical and Warranty Declaration of Conformity
Please AB Not of the services this This to the GSM International Emergency Please or service whether service or You should the and and the Warranty chapters using The products that they to the EMC 89/336/EEC, the Telecommunications 91/263/EEC, and the 73/23/EEC when The products the to the following Phones and Combination: ETS EMC telecommunications. Without Direct to EN and EN compatibility, Immunity
AB Not Turning On and Information and and Started
AB Not Connector Battery release catch release light On/Off release Microphone Battery Charging
AB Not Assembly You to the following to the SIM the to the charge the The SIM Card as with network SIM (Subscriber Identity The SIM that of phone the services included and information, other things. SIM One the of credit and the other the credit SIM perforated that easily. the SIM as shown below. and Removing the SIM Card the attached. the SIM the the with the facing and the to the right.
the of the SIM and AB Not The PIN SIM with security known as PIN Identity which to the Every to PIN. You PIN the information from services that PIN, PIN2. You should with PIN, protection unauthorized of If PIN incorrectly three the SIM If this PUK Unblocking which from The Battery T28 with lithium battery. The when there enough to switch the that charge the to three hours the the first Attaching the Battery to the the back of the phone and hear click. to Charge the Battery The that with phone whenever without affecting its performance. You charge the when the phone off. To that to charge the or with sounds and the Attention! Battery appears the
the light top of the phone flashing AB If Ericsson-approved battery, the and the the upwards or You the The and the type of and the Please that these and than shown the The phone off when the satisfactorily. Charging the Battery that the attached to the the to the The the country. it to other item than Charger CTR-10. It from the charger when the To the the top of the shows steady light (or the phone switched the Charging shown the the the continuously If charge that empty, or that while of charging the then switch and the to the phone as shown. The the upwards.
Ericsson-approved indicated charging each AB Not charging the when the switched the and the that only Ericsson-approved with that Ericsson-approved reasons. These indicated Charging each charging the when the phone switched You the while the this lengthens the charging the the the and the the top of the phone shows steady light. Disconnecting the Charger the charger from the the upwards. Removing the Battery the release catch upwards. the from the
Turning On and Communications AB Not Turning the the release the right of the Press and the NO hear If PIN: Appears the SIM protected with PIN If PIN: appears the turned the PIN. If while PIN, the the C Press YES If PIN incorrectly three the SIM You PUK. The SIM Card If locked appears the The Network Search turned the (and PIN), the searches found, the phone three The light top of the flashes once every and abbreviated) appears the This You and reach Turning On and
Communications AB Not Initial The first to choose the type and the clock and information about these and other Phone SIM the to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English To the If shows that it to or English the following To the to If and the NO to to Press the arrow Press the arrow To the to English If and the NO to to Press the arrow Press the arrow Turning and the NO hear Turning On and
Information and Functions AB Not the shows the of the the and the Other appear incoming the clock and this chapter, learn about the Information The below shows and each which appear Explanation the of the Battery the of the battery. Missed You incoming to or from received. Profile Another than Normal chosen. off sound heard when The clock and turned off, the and SMS You text You Indicates that to outgoing to the Service to the Service. Information and Functions
AB Not its Graphics Functions The below the release To the and incoming (To the To and YES To and the To the from To choose or To the phone or off, and the NO To To To back the to or to To back to and the and To the To through and To and from the C (Clear) To the microphone and the To the and the from To item from To the The the international To and the To the phone and of the To through shortcuts. To when writing SMS. To To and lower-case (Hash) To upwards and information about the the through the Information and Functions Ciphering Ciphering currently the You appear To increase or the of the or To the To and the when the To through the To the without and the while the release To the
and AB this chapter, that turned and that within of If abroad, other that allows to this. Network the the release the and Press YES countries While counter and the If and the of the the the Cost the or NO to the Previously Called the that or To previously Press YES to the Press or to choose the to Press YES to the and
information, the AB Not If the when first and the shows Retry? Retry? the YES to the answered. the connected, hear or You to the phone to ear hear the and International Press and the appears. The the international of the country from which calling. the country (without the leading and phone Press YES Emergency (the international Press YES The international normally country, with or without SIM GSM within that SIM and that the PIN as the international the and the shows If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the the the the If the and the phone the shown. If the incoming restricted the shows Withheld If the incoming without CLI service, Unknown shown. and
AB Not the the release or YES the Rejecting the the of the phone The shows tone The hears tone this tone the If the to the specified. Incoming To the without to the while the Then NO or closing the Ciphering Ciphering built-in that and to shown the to that ciphering currently the and
AB Not phone which might helpful while the You easily the the the of the To the upwards to increase the to the the Microphone If wish, the microphone off To turn the microphone off temporarily Press and the C Muted appears the Muted To release the C of and holding the C the To Press YES appears the To YES Tone To services or to to These as tone known as DTMF tones or tones). With these If and these and characters as tone You or together with Telephone Services to the
AB Not The If to of phone phone as To the the to the the the the or, to to the You the the T28 Features the the to hear the tones. If wish, the tones off Turn off Tones the Duration or of the the normally shows the and seconds. the instead. This and SIM the Cost If the hear once as of the of the More than One phone of than You the and then or You with to More than One
Communications AB Not
AB Not Functions and and Text (SMS) Security and More than One Network Preferences the and and T28 the the Service Incoming Calling Card The Profile Services
T28 AB Not T28 with lithium battery; of and advanced The active to the why the and to or to the You the The T28 Profile which to choosing each includes of to when to choose the and of that then automatically. The Profiles related to such as or vehicle handsfree. the T28 vehicle and the chosen automatically. the of the T28 of text and which to through the when to turn the and the shortcuts, which to and easily. You Shortcuts, including the If should the the T28 with to T28
the AB Not You phone functions the You the to such as the You the to the of to the clock, text phone numbers, The which and through with the and or shortcuts. of options. with Graphics You the or At the top of the there each these, there within the indicating The below and each and of text and Info and information. and clock and other of Shortcuts selection of You Missed Indicates the the and Indicates the Indicates the the
AB Not the memory Indicates that the phone memory and the SIM memory Indicates that phone group. Unread SMS Indicates that text read. Indicates that checked. Indicates that the SIM memory Indicates that the SIM memory. phone Indicates that recorded the only. Indicates that to Indicates that recorded the phone Indicates that and recorded the and the Preferred Indicates that and used. network Indicates that and used. Indicates that appear text Indicates Indicates that the or
Communications AB Not through the There of through the with or shortcuts Scrolling or Press... to... or through or right or through or or YES back the or NO back to and holding the item from C information about to Once the and the or or and the reach the or that instead of the or repeatedly. Shortcuts to through the to the shortcuts. You the of the or to which to first to the or To back to and NO as to the and function to and to the first the Shortcuts to and phone the this of them and of this, the shortcut To the Instructions the instructions this the and to the and the shortcut to and The following instruction to the sound to the
To the sound AB to YES Sounds YES Sound YES Select the instruction as follows: From the or to to the Press YES to the the The of the that chosen shown the top of the Press YES to the Sounds (You to with the arrow this the first the or to to the Sound Press YES to the or to to Tone Press YES to the the sound to To back to and the NO This to the instruction as when shortcuts: To the sound Press or to the Press to the Press to the Sounds Press to the Sound Select Text through the the The following hints Black text within the top the chosen. Inverted the If YES this or this Grey text function that temporarily to or to which Text with the or selected. Text with the selected. the shown text when active. they shown the
AB Not Shortcuts You the Shortcuts this and easily reach the Shortcuts which wish. You from another to Shortcuts To to Shortcuts to Shortcuts YES Shortcuts YES Select from the the this Press YES If to another and To from Shortcuts and Press YES to the to the first the Shortcuts to and To the functions and of the includes that the These to On when them off To the or off to YES YES Functions YES YES Select On or the
Communications AB Not the Switch to Shortcuts Profile Switch to Next Incoming Turn off Tones Switch Clock Stopwatch Sounds and Networks Profiles Clear Missed Counters Credit New Templates Items ServiceNumbers Memory Calling Cards Info and and and Please that of the and Release Active Release
Communications AB You and accompanying entry). easy to recalling the phone or Creating creating phone there things to You to learn about the to the with the international and to You and the memory the SIM the memory first the SIM The of memory SIM the memory allows to the the SIM when when SIM another the memory, they to SIM The phone memory which when SIM occupied. International If to phone both and to as international numbers, with the (which the international the country from) the country the and the phone
To international AB Not Press and to the the leading the You when the and when (SMS). and Text (SMS) Press the or repeatedly the character appears the Press to C To once. To To lower-case the and then appears. Lower-case appear To numbers, and To and numbers, the C You the as shortcut to To the upwards and To C the and You choose another alphabet and
AB Not Together with Every phone that You the phone together with to to of numbers. To together with to YES YES of appears. Select New? or of the from the YES phone that to (including the and the country and YES that to with the and YES You three To the the first YES To the another C to the and YES To the the memory, to SIM You this ory the If, SIM, to the memory. If turned to to phone entry. to If to to or that already phone the to option. To the to function or off to YES YES Functions YES to YES On or the Calling service. Calling the You the with or the the that The of searching and the chosen, or
To choose Communications AB Not to YES YES Sort YES Select To the to YES and YES the or the (or the first of the associated with the that to Press YES If the the or the and Press YES to the to the and function to and Shortcuts to by: the and holding of the to with and holding to the first with the (or following). Once the of phone or to through the or or to to entry. You the that the memory the and then YES the Press YES to the the to You to the and the from to You to the of Editing the You to the that to You the or the Calling the
To Communications AB Not to YES and YES the or the of the that to Press YES If the displayed the or the and Press YES to the entry. Select the and YES the or to the the C to the and YES the and YES Protection If to phone which already phone the appears together with the that You options: To the the selected Press YES to the with the To the Press NO the Press YES to the the the Card Memory SIM appears to the From the phone memory. If including the phone memory to that already and YES To from the memory to YES and YES the or the of the that to and YES (This the or Press YES Select Press YES to choice.
To from the phone memory AB Not to YES YES The memory? appears. memory? Press YES the or another that chosen the phone memory Telephone Services If telephone services, the of service together with or only. You to the and the You and holding the Usually, each required, to about to and It to the To phone with to YES YES YES the and the the character appears the the and If required, the and the that to with the and and YES Press YES to If to the than the Together with To with tone as Calling the the the the the and then the If another and another the and To to YES YES YES the and required, another and Press YES that to with and YES Press YES to
these from the phone and AB Not them. To the to YES and YES the (or first or of and YES Press YES to the The T28 allows to of this to the and Text (SMS) To to YES YES YES the and YES to YES Select To the YES To to existing to YES YES Select the that to to YES YES Select phone To from to YES YES Select the that to Select to the that to and C Press YES to choice. To to YES YES Select the that to Press YES to choice.
AB Not You to when to text as and Text (SMS) You each consisting of characters. To to YES YES YES and YES and YES The the three To to YES YES Select the that to Select the and YES the and YES To to YES YES Select the that to Select Press YES to choice. Checking the of the The Memory function memory To the of phone to YES Memory YES or to through the
the AB Not The that information phone and about the incoming and outgoing Once the What The that If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the the the (together with of and the If the incoming restricted the shows Withheld If the without CLI service, Unknown shown. You of the the The the together The the first If the than once, the ones. If within hours, the of the displayed. the the If SIM or the off, the cleared. Called the SIM memory though. To from the to Info YES YES to the that to and YES Press YES when the to directly to the Missed the
To from the AB Not to Info YES YES to the to and C The appears the Press YES to the To clear the to Info YES Clear YES The Clear? appears the Press YES to clear the To the or off to Info YES YES YES Select On or If the Clear? appears the Press YES to clear the Missed If the Missed appears where the the of Missed Press YES to the If to from the Missed YES the to You the Missed the Info Missed the To to the Showing offer where normally You choose to or Calling Restriction service (CLIR) To phone the to to YES YES Press YES to the To the to to YES YES Press YES to the the
Service Communications AB Not This service and The service of allows to when that received inform indication. If this the the appears the operators, however, inform SMS), to Service. information about and reading text information about Service, please to the information Communicating With Service If phone to easily interact with Service, the to Service. You the the information To to YES YES YES and YES The to Service from that Calling sounds and the New appears the the indication). If to YES to Service. If NO Service to to recorded Service
To Service AB Not to YES YES You Service and holding from and To to YES YES YES Press and C to the existing and YES To the to YES YES YES Select the If to the Service, You options the to to and incoming connected. Further information about Service found the operating instructions Service
AB You choose to completely that the and turned off. To the phone From and C appears. Press YES appears To and YES off? You the The first that clicks heard when You the off then appears To the to YES Sounds YES YES The of the appears the to increase the to The once with the as increase the Press YES to the the the of the phone to the of the silently. Increasing You choose that from the to the Increasing To the to Increasing to YES Sounds YES Increasing YES On The Increasing the to apply.
If the phone to the increasing heard. AB Not You choose from of sounds and You to four of with the Composing To choose of the to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the type that If to other the the of the phone to silently. and If to the Service, the L1 and L2 instead of and SIM and and respectively. If includes the Calling (CLI) service, assign to to You and another If the of to specified, then that used. You include that from phone and the You pressing and holding To specify and the accompanying to YES Sounds YES YES YES YES the and YES You from the Select the type
To AB Not to YES Sounds YES YES Personal YES to the to and YES Composing You four To to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select or Press C to clear the the to The as Press and to Press to the Press once to the Press to the To to YES Press YES to or NO to editing. You choose to of incoming the of the You the to of the following: On the On If when the turned off or when the to the or the turned off automatically. To the to YES Sounds YES YES Select the You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when or text (SMS).
To the AB Not to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the You the the To the the clock to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the Sound You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when the To the sound to YES Sounds YES Sound YES Select the sound If the hear once every To the or off to YES Sounds YES YES Select On or You the the Info Turn off Tones If of the as The The to hear the tone as the If to, the tone off. You turn the tones or off To the off to YES Select Turn off Tones
To the tone AB Not to YES Select Turn Tones Light You the light to off or the light turned off seconds the It when the or when or To the light to YES YES Light YES the light SIM the to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English. To the to YES YES Select the You choose English You choose Text Ericsson appears the Instead of this, write own their To write to YES YES YES Select Custom the information to You Press YES to To the to YES YES YES Select
To the off AB Not to YES YES YES Select allows to phone number(s). If from SIM yourself. To phone to YES YES YES YES the and then YES You and/or and and these The displayed when the To the to YES and YES Format YES Select the 24-hour or 12-hour clock. To the clock to YES and YES YES the hours and and YES from to or If the 12-hour clock, and With the function, whether to the clock when You choose to the function off, To the off to YES and YES YES Select This service the the the upwards or to the
To the AB to YES and YES Format YES Select the To the to YES and YES YES the month and and then YES If chosen another the differently. You the to the they when bought To the to YES YES the and YES The phone another
and Text (SMS) AB Not The Short Service (SMS) allows to and text consisting of to characters. T28 that text to which phone of or text to the of that SMS. If SIM the to service specify the yourself. to or the to SMS below. The Short Service only allow SMS to within their the to SMS If to or to to that Service SIM already this information the of purchase. You the service from To service found the to YES YES Service YES to the and YES Select If found the to the yourself. To the to service to YES YES Service YES YES the including the international and country and YES and Text (SMS)
AB Not Composing Text information to text and the To once. To To lower-case the and then appears. Lower-case appear To numbers, and To and numbers, the C You the as shortcut to To the upwards and To C the and You choose another and New Text to YES New YES and YES the or from the Press YES to the appears the If turned of the On options Reply to these choices the phone Text the If to the the phone memory and Press NO when to phone The recalled from the the To the to YES YES Select the to The appears the and Text (SMS)
Press YES AB Not Select If wish, Press YES and from as New Text The with of with to which Text to With T28 text to group. You to specify and phone text to group. information to To to to YES New YES and YES Press to the to and YES Select the and YES to the text to group, each included that group. Text the type of the and the of to to of service offer the facility of text that the that to the Please to which and You type that to or option, which that to which type to and Text (SMS)
To type AB Not to YES YES YES YES the type The selected type To or off to YES YES YES YES Select On or If the turned off the service the to If the service to reach the within the You as or option, which that to the the To as to YES YES YES YES Select the The selected To the function or off to YES YES YES YES Select On or Reply to If the of to reply, the Reply option. this function to choose the to or If the to reply, On and YES To the Reply function or off to YES YES Reply YES Select On or Not network these Templates If or that these as Templates to whenever You to and Text (SMS)
templates which of characters each. templates AB Not the memory. To template to YES Templates YES YES the and YES information to Composing Text If to the YES when appears the and as New Text The the of If to the NO The as template To template to YES Templates YES Select the template to You the New Text completed the YES the phone Press YES to the To template to YES Templates YES Select the to and then C The appears the Press YES to the hear the light the top New of the phone flashes and the New appears the To the Press YES when the New The shows when the and from what the Calling service and Text (SMS)
(CLI). If the together with the AB Not the shown instead. through the the arrow and backwards through the arrow the bot- tom right of the that there text the At the of the when the arrow the YES with options appears: Reply Next The options the following If the of the to reply, the Reply Reply? appears the when YES this function If to reply, NO To the Press NO when the New The the phone memory and appears the top of the The as as the If to the it from the Inbox below). Calling Press YES when the highlighted Select Calling the of the the YES Select the option If the together with the the of the who the appears together with Replying to the YES Reply the option Select what to as or include this when replying). and Text (SMS)
and YES to the AB Not If the of the to reply, the Reply Reply? appears the this function when YES the of the Press YES to reply. If to reply, NO the YES Select the option You completed YES the Press YES to the the YES Select the option You C while reading The appears the Press YES to the You from the of the Inbox without to To from the the to YES YES the to and C The appears the Press YES to the Incoming If to incoming once, the phone memory. This allows to If there this memory, the appears the top of the The phone memory to memory the when received. If the phone memory becomes of the SIM and Text (SMS)
the memory them, Communications AB Not SIM or the phone the memory to The SIM Card Memory You SIM that the SIM there them, they The of that SIM To the SIM memory the YES Select the option The from the memory to the SIM memory. The shows the of the and the of the third of that the SIM If the SIM reach them should SIM with another Reading to YES Inbox YES that the the SIM the to read. the as If to the YES the of the Select Next the option Information The ordinary Short Service service that The Information another type of text which to subscribers The information or to This To Information or off to YES YES Info YES YES Select On or and Text (SMS)
Information AB Not Each type of Information three-digit The below shows of the information that AI Newsflashes Doctors reports reports Weather District information Network information services Directory Directory (international) Customer Customer (international) These information about the information services that please to the information Information You which of information to The of Info that SIM To Information to YES YES Info YES YES YES the and YES To the to YES YES Info YES YES Select the to and C The appears the Press YES to the and Text (SMS)
AB Not Information the appears the You the the as ordinary text the YES The Information The information Information to their subscribers within the inform that within and that This To Information or off to YES YES Information YES Select On or and Text (SMS)
Incoming AB If to that correctly when to them, the service to them to another phone The service The service and respectively and choose the following already the that within specified Reply turned off or Not Reachable These If to the Service, and You then If T28 automatically. phone and the phone to another this indicated Similarly, when receiving incoming phone which from another this indicated Activating To to YES YES YES to the to Reply Not Reachable or and YES Select Incoming
recently the function or recently AB Not the as the including the to which to and then YES If to numbers, C If the phone the to Press and then the the shown the Restricted function options activated. Security and Subscription To to YES YES YES to the to and YES Select The Please appears, which informs that the Checking the To the of to YES YES YES to the to and YES Select The Please appears, which informs whether the or To the of to YES YES YES YES Incoming
Security and Communications AB Not There to phone and from unauthorized from SIM to The SIM Card The SIM protects and from unauthorized If SIM cards, the with the SIM SIM the of purchase. If the SIM to the PIN Identity If PIN incorrectly three the SIM This indicated the PIN If this to to To SIM PIN appears. PUK (or PUK2) which the information Press YES four- to PIN (or PIN2). Press YES the PIN (or PIN2) to confirm. Press YES If the PUK permanently If this should To PIN to YES YES Card YES PIN YES PIN and YES PIN and YES The to the PIN. Security and
PIN and YES Communications AB Not The PIN If the match appears, this the PIN incorrectly. If the PIN appears, PIN: PIN incorrectly. To PIN to YES YES Card YES PIN2 YES Follow the as To PIN To off the SIM to YES YES Card YES Protection YES YES PIN and YES The Unlocked confirms that the off. This SIM allows to the lock. To the SIM to YES YES Card YES Protection YES On YES PIN and YES The that the The The protects the phone unauthorized and the SIM exchanged. It when the You the to four- to The phone On or If the On the appears each the You to YES to If the to to phone SIM the the phone correctly, the phone with the SIM You to the the SIM or SIM Security and
the AB Not to YES YES YES YES Follow the To PIN It that remember If should to to To the to or off to YES YES Protection YES Select On or the phone and YES The shown. RESTRICT CALLS The service allows to of to and received. This service or The following restricted: outgoing outgoing international Intl outgoing international to country, Intl Incoming incoming when (when Inc when To that restriction which with to or restriction. You the as often as To to YES YES YES to the option and YES Select or and YES The Please appears, which informs whether the restriction or If options. Incoming Security and
To AB Not to YES YES YES YES and YES The Please appears, that To the of restriction to YES YES YES to the option and YES Select The Please appears, which informs whether the or To the to YES YES YES YES the and YES the and YES the and YES The Please appears, that the of restricting outgoing It SIM that allows to The normally protected PIN2. How SIM The function allows to to the SIM If to other numbers, the appears the It to numbers, or the first to numbers. allows to to with with the international and country allowing to abroad. which include should as To and Security and
The service to the international Communications AB Not To the service or off to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select On or To to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES the and YES the to with the and YES To to YES YES to the that to and YES PIN2 and YES the and YES the and YES the and YES To to YES YES to the that to and YES Select PIN2 and YES The The Closed (CUG) function another of lowering It and Not this function. On cheaper to within group. You of To Closed to YES YES Closed YES YES YES the of the Closed and YES Security and
the of the and YES AB Not The To Closed to YES YES Closed YES YES to the to and YES Select within the selected group. To Closed You whether outgoing to allowed. to YES YES Closed YES YES Select On To the CUG to YES YES Closed YES YES to the that to and YES and YES To from the CUG to YES YES Closed YES YES to the that to and YES Select With the service, choose to from numbers. Other rejected tone. You to the that to The rejected the the Info the the service to From as To to the to YES YES YES YES YES This to phone Select To the to It to choose within phone Security and
To from the AB Not to YES YES YES YES to the to and C To the to YES YES YES YES To from the to YES YES YES YES Select From from the the shown To to YES YES YES YES From One incoming rejected. The hears tone and of incoming shown To from to YES YES YES YES Select From You as To the function to YES YES YES YES The that with Security and
than One AB Not phone allows to than This that that while or and then switch the You Conference to with to You or of while other people to the You while to privately. Conference The Waiting Service If to to while another the Waiting service. The Waiting service If or hear incoming Incoming rejected. To the Waiting service to YES YES Waiting YES YES There the the the Please displayed. This the Waiting Activated To the Waiting service to YES YES Waiting YES YES To whether the Waiting service or to YES YES Waiting YES YES the YES the to and YES You the from and holding More than One
You AB Not If the Waiting service hear tone the The or of the normally shown the top of the together with of the and Release&answer If the incoming restricted the shows Withheld If the without CLI service, Unknown shown. You of the following: the and the Press YES to the The the and the active the and the The rejected. If the the hears If the to the specified. the and the Release&answer One Active and One On active and of the following: Switch the Press YES the active and to the Press NO The appears. Press YES If NO the both to YES Release YES More than One
the AB Not to YES YES The connected to each other, and from both The service the Conference to YES YES Conference below. Third If the Waiting service third when active and From without to You hear tone the and and Release&answer appear the You of the following: the and the Select Release&answer The becomes active and the the Select The third rejected. the this function, the hears below Conference The Conference service with than ordinary hear each other the You include to Creating Conference To active and To the to YES YES More than One
You created (with yourself, the active AB Not and as New to the Conference You the and then To Press YES to the the to include the group. to YES YES You include to the repeating to To the the to YES Conf YES The first displayed, If the and the displayed instead. the shows with to the other Conversation with One of the If to with of the that from the and the other To to YES YES Select the that to To the to the to YES YES Releasing from the Conference You release from the or once. To release to YES Release YES Select the that to release. To release to YES Release YES than One
while Conference AB Not You the and another You then switch the and the To the and Press YES the to and YES To switch the and the Press YES To the and to the Press NO and then YES the Conference the or NO than One
Network Preferences AB Not Searching the searches the If this within another that allows to This The of which the phone chooses of SIM phone includes of that searches You choose network from those within To to YES Networks YES Select Network YES If there than within to the and YES to To search to YES YES New Search YES The searching to the of SIM Information The currently with Together with the the following information the The shows... Network Preferences You appear The of the included of SIM You this The of the included of SIM You allowed to this
other without they included AB Not the or SIM they used. The of the SIM If such within when the searches network search If and to that allows to the this though the displayed. of You and that which network selection, when within The of that the SIM You the and rearrange the of the You to the and from To the of to YES YES YES The of the first displayed. or to through the the To to YES Networks YES Preferred YES to and YES Select To to the to YES YES Preferred YES YES to the that to and YES If the appear the to Other and YES the three-digit country and the and YES and YES shifted the Network Preferences
To from the AB Not to YES Networks YES Preferred YES to the that to and YES Select To rearrange the to YES YES YES to the network that to and YES Select Priority the within the and YES Search searches This the search that to search search that searches the first. If this searches another within search that phone searches the first. If this the Select appears. You then to choose as Searching To the search to YES YES Search YES YES To the search to YES YES Search YES YES Network Preferences
the AB Not the of the shown the the the information shown another three seconds. If to information, the (or the of displayed instead of the or The Info allows to the or of To the of the to Info YES YES the or to information) of the To the of outgoing to Info YES YES To the to Info YES YES To the to Info YES YES To the to Info YES Counters YES Select or Press YES to the or If to information, PIN2 to clear the or counter. the The function and the The SIM This service and the
If the of displayed AB Not and and the Info To the to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select the the currency GBP and then YES the and YES To the To to to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Units If both and SIM this amount of money that This when phone to and their to amount which the deducted from this amount. the amount reaches the of to where from, what of the and the credit To credit to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Credit the amount, pounds, and then YES To credit to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Unlimited? If the credit to Unlimited, the counter from and increases. the
AB Not If the Service, phone with numbers, and services. This to business and the of the normally and their You only text (SMS) the currently chosen outgoing To the of to YES YES YES Select and YES to to choose which to Incoming both irrespective of the currently chosen. To phone to YES Select Switch to or Switch to From outgoing this You each the or You each the or each respectively.
AB Not allows to: the and using when connected to To to YES hear the associated with that and phone the To or or to If, reason, turned off, to using To to YES YES YES Select On phone ready to Once turned to phone Together with to phone To when recording To existing to YES YES YES to which to the tone and the that to The played back to Press YES to the recorded. If the recording OK, appears to those which You the You and the
To with vehicle to AB Not the when connected to vehicle phone recorded the the and information about the Recording If of the following might too softly try the too should around too or too the tone back to of To phone to and Editing phone allows to to and of the that To to and/or the to YES YES to the that to The played back to Press YES Select to the or to the recorded to the instructions. You to and/or and the Playback If recorded phone the played back to the following when through the or and reach this when from the to this when this the connected) To Press and YES hear Release YES and that recorded The played back to and the connected.
Instead of and holding YES as and AB Not the when the third to initiate the then To turn to YES YES YES Select On appears to or vehicle or incoming to the function and commands. To turn to YES YES YES Select On You to to commands. Press YES to Follow the instructions the phone the and YES to recording. the microphone of the If the recording OK, the and YES to recordings. If other instead of and To incoming using the phone the The played back to and the connected. To incoming the the The played back to and the rejected, the hears information about and
Calling Card AB Not international or to charge these account. If credit or to redirect the charges to of these accounts instead. The Calling service redirect the charges to credit account or to account. You These protected four- to the to You the to that choose yourself. The You the Calling service when or Activating the Calling Card Service To to to the service. To the Calling service to YES YES CallingCards YES phone and YES Select On The Calling service and the Calling Cards the Calling Card You To to YES Calling Cards YES and YES Select the of the and YES that to with and YES the of the and YES Calling Card
Select whether to the that to or the AB Not first and YES to service the information the To to YES Calling Cards YES to the that to and YES Select The appears the Press YES The To to YES Calling Cards YES to the that to and YES Select You the Press YES to the You the and Choosing Card If numbers, choose which to To to YES Calling Cards YES and YES the that to Select Calling Card the of or from the and holding Press and YES The of the and the necting phase, to the phone of the that to and the the chosen earlier Calling Card
To the and the phase, AB Not YES when the shows or seconds and they automatically. connected to phone Calling Card
and and AB Not To to services the software such as or and and initiated from the software. To and to to of and then the software and The of and and If and this to as This that to three If types, this to as and If and the type of shown the There from The shows the type of To or to the the from within the software automatically). You incoming or the YES the phone the NO and and
and Communications AB Not If SIM that and numbers, the the type of incoming Next Incoming If to or to the to of these options the Next Incoming You this phone that and Once phone incoming this The To the incoming type to YES Next Incoming YES Select the type or and and
AB Not Clock The clock, which when shown the The the and the flashes, the turned off. The of the increasing, the attached and The seconds and repeated every off. the function turned off automatically. To the of the to YES Clock YES the Press YES to To the to YES Clock YES New YES the Press YES to To the off Press to the off when If the to repeated, YES To off the function to YES Clock YES Select You the Clock and the The built-in which and multiply. Press to Press C to to the of the
Press to AB Not To the this to to YES YES Press repeatedly the appears. Press YES to the To clear the C Stopwatch The phone built-in stopwatch to activity. To the stopwatch to YES Stopwatch YES Press YES to the Press YES to To the stopwatch Press C when the stopwatch when the stopwatch to Press or to If incoming or or text while the stopwatch the stopwatch turned off. If the the off. The phone built-in 24-hour You the and when that sounds. To the to YES YES the and YES The countdown The shown the sounds, to off. To when the to YES YES New YES the and YES The countdown The shown the sounds, to turn off.
To off the AB Not to YES YES Select The when the off. There each as to started. The of to the from reaching the top. Each the To to YES YES YES appears the To Select Press to Instead of choosing with to High-score or To the or the or the upwards right or or C NO The Rights The of to four of cards, from to The The or facing If the top revealing the or of with to
of built and AB Not the of hearts the of or The the You these The the the or the of the and To to YES YES YES appears the To New (or played Instead of choosing with to or To the Select Confirm Turn from (selection and
The Profile AB Not includes of of which to when to choose the and of that choose automatically. when vehicle the chosen. information activation of Accessories The Profiles There Normal H-free phone to of the to the Normal You the of the included or to You the of the Normal and accessory to the Normal information to accessory to to To which the upwards or The below shows the of each Increasing The Profile Normal H-free
AB On On On On From From From From From From Calling Cards Light On L1 L1 L1 L1 L1 L1 On Activation On On HF You choose manually. To manually to YES Profiles YES Select Profile YES the You Select Profile the Shortcuts The to reach this to and If choose other than Normal shown which associated with accessory, such as or Normal, chosen manually, activation The associated with chosen automatically. Accessories the You the and the to wishes. To the of to YES Profiles YES YES and YES To to YES Profiles YES Profile YES of the appears. YES the to wishes. information, the Security and Subscription Calling Normal H-free The Profile
Card and Accessories AB Not If which included the updated. With the Profiles function, back to the they when bought To the to YES Profiles YES Profiles YES The The Profile
AB Not T28 together with to of features, to those when the phone separately. of incoming when the charger phone and This that the The Profiles The Profile allows to phone to when together with accessory. On the following information interact with and its You of the when the upwards or or when choose another Every phone from the accessory, the to the which active the activated automatically. the associated with accessory to automatically, the activation the activation to On the and If wish, off. To activation or off to YES Profiles YES Activation, YES Select On or You choose manually, activated automatically. The Profiles
AB Not Charger If the T28 with Charger to features ordinary You choose to the switch to the and to when the To to these features, to the first phone the the the Charger the phone the as shown and backwards to the further instructions to the please To the charger with and the the The Choose appears the Press YES (If NO the associated with Select that to with the the The when connected to accessory? appears. Press YES This that to to when, the phone the (If NO diverted). the phone and upwards to the phone from the
including the AB and YES to If YES to choose the or another The activation appears. Press YES The Profile: appears to choice. You these wish. this to the to the or another To accessory to You the the Profile where included YES Profiles, YES Profile YES the The phone switched and the activation the phone to switch when connected to accessory. If chargers, they each to or they to the to the T28, the H-free automatically. This that to the the H-free The Profile If phone to switch when to the to the activation off. To this, manually the H-free and the activation to off. the To incoming the phone the once. You To Press the once. If the Waiting service The Waiting Service the
To AB Not Press the once to the The the the and the first automatically. To the Press and the hear Release the and that recorded previously. The played back to and the connected. to performance when and with recording when connected to Advanced to the T28, the automatically. This that to the the The Profile the the the phone the as shown and backwards to Press the top of the to release the
If phone to switch when AB Not to the Advanced to the Activation off. To this, manually the and the Activation to off. Advanced should professional information, please The Advanced with its which allows to: the and to to and the function to To with the to the the phone recorded the phone the and The vehicle to The the with when connected to vehicle slightly from those that the To the and the (when the closed) or YES hear Release and that recorded the the microphone of the The played back to and the connected. To If Unit, choose which This the that the phone the This that the as the the other Accessories
of the this AB Not properly. that the phone the This increases the of to to to properly, phone to the sound around the This might this learning phase, the to might hear of his or own the sound from the the microphone this as the other If the than the first instead. the type to first. If the type instead. To the type to YES YES YES Select the type or choose to incoming with or If the phone with and this function turned incoming the NO If choose the incoming the phone with To to YES YES YES If choose the Normal to as You using the function.
AB Not With T28 to This the and PC If to the with that 95/98/NT PC software which allows to the and SMS and the or to connected the to the appears the information, please to Profile You or to together with the charger to the H-free The the first accessory when connected and switches automatically. associated with activated automatically. from the charger and the and vehicle to accessory to choose the manually to which to the accessory. To manually To accessory to to YES Profiles YES YES the of the which already to the Select accessory? the of that to the Select accessory. The activation appears, activation already.
Press YES to activation which that the AB Not chosen when the accessory connected. to the and vehicle another to accessory this as ordinary You the accessory associated with To accessory from to YES Profiles YES YES to the accessory that to and C appears. Press YES
Services Communications AB Not that hear about service that offering. You that to to the service and within seconds, that instantly the service. You software to to SIM The of the This of the services that through the Services. The T28 services offered the Services. What Services? The Services the of offering services, of and phone services based the Services things to that the Services. T28 such offering the Services. The Services the SIM and and phone If further information about the Services, please New SIM which the Services the as SIM SIM and turned to SIM the first and restarting the SIM offers Services
the The offers and services, which AB Not instantly. On T28, this appears the There the there the entry. To to YES Services YES If appear, the that and YES Press NO to back to the the Services this Please information. Proactive SIM The Services SIM. This that the SIM the phone to These actions showing text from the SIM the to the SIM initiating with the user these actions the SIM and, they nothing to with the software. Download to the SIM the to SIM the This of or SIM Card the SIM the the phone showing You hear SIM to to turn off and then turn the and to it This and SIM Card Initiated The SIM to This already Services
this the sound and AB Not showing the If shown the whether to and the SIM initiated If to the SIM initiated YES If to the SIM initiated NO If already to the or to appears the whether to and the SIM initiated If to the SIM initiated YES If to the SIM initiated to with the NO SIM Card Initiated SMS The SIM SMS (text and to this the Press YES to the SMS. of Services services and that with the Services Please of services offered the Services. Services
AB Not Services
AB Not Additional Information and Troubleshooting Technical Warranty Declaration of Conformity
AB Not Several to the functionality and the of to of the that phone and from the The of the combinations. To... this: the when YES when and YES and the when and upwards or when the and when the to international phone the phone when and C the microphone and C reach the when and reach with of the when and YES and and when YES YES the when receiving upwards or the or when through or (and the when the upwards or or when the YES item when and C back to when the and NO and when and of the when
AB Not To... this: the first of the Shortcuts which the when using upwards or the to when the to when English reach the or the character of upwards and of the reach the third or the character of and of the lower- and when and and of the when once when the when and the the when and and when and when C and to through the to shortcuts You the of the or to which to Shortcuts and To the sound To and easily reach the the Shortcuts Shortcuts information about functions through the and and when when when
Troubleshooting Communications AB Not This chapter that might while that service of the easy to yourself. Card There SIM the phone or incorrectly. SIM The SIM Card Correct Card The to with SIM the SIM SOS You within of allowed to However, allow to the international SOS Emergency Network There within or the too You to to that enough. PIN, PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly. the PIN or PIN2, and YES PIN The SIM Card match to security PIN) to match the The that match. The SIM Card PIN/PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly three To PIN The SIM Card Troubleshooting
AB Not You (PUK) incorrectly or service The phone locked. To the The phone with the phone You to four-to The Permitted The function and the of Battery Charging The Ericsson-approved and charging charging reasons. The Switched or the battery. The Battery that the phone properly its Other Indication of Charging charging that or that while the the top of the phone shows light and the appears. then switch and Indication of Missed To to the Troubleshooting
AB Not the and of and information, the the The service to to and information wherever It to services, services, user and other information. With the software to the of products. The
Technical AB Not Product T28s GSM 900/GSM1800 SIM 3V or 5V type 1101-BV with without +55C -10C Technical
AB of Charge (AoC) to the of from of the and shown the phone To this service, Information (AI) service that allows to about topics weather forecasts, To this service, it Calling (CLI) shows the of the You then choice as to whether or to the Bear that displayed. To this service, to to another or DTMF or Touch Tone as tone Used telephone GSM The T28 which that of the GSM and the GSM PCN or DCS that the both This increases areas, and the offered It offers international thanks to the when The switching the and seamlessly, which that phone without to
which the This of the AB Not should that the offered and the coverage choice of and/or or from the to allow with to from The service protected PIN2. To this service, that both the the The when and the other his/her turn. Class as Class and II allow of to GSM GSM the widely-used operating countries around the and The Communications the most-widely phone The GSM family includes GSM and GSM There phases of roll-out the GSM and GSM phase or phase GSM known as DCS or PCN, of It and International that automatically the international front of telephone when of country. You then to the of the country calling. International phone that allows to switch offering coverage abroad. phone selects or or selects
another International roaming based AB Not Service where the The and with the arrow Network or consists of of or areas. each from where to and from wireless Network to to to You this from together with SIM that to with memory or SIM where and or PC-Card PCMCIA, the as and to or and The thin type II the PIN GSM-based to establish authorization to or information. The PIN with PIN2 authorization which services. The PIN2 with PUK Unblocking to SIM This with to or or of to and from outgoing outgoing international
Barring switched with To this service, AB Not Within this that phone with stations when the the and or Select choose or function the YES that the both to The when to to, functionality. Service that services and to users. Short Service (SMS) allows of to characters to and the to the off or of reach that they reach To this service, SIM Subscriber Identity that GSM- based It security information and memory directory of numbers. The type or credit both the The T28 the the that with the service/network To to to You SIM (Subscriber Identity with The services included choice of and/or of the services and this to If of the services included please
Service AB Not to and phone This to business and To this service,
and AB Not this information using Product and highly sophisticated To the of phone this text about and Product exposing to or to or heat with sophisticated rough treatment cloth to as the the earphone, microphone or and to warranty the warranty. The serviceable Service should Certified Service to of performance, to the fire, shock or injury. The warranty cover which caused of non-Ericsson Treat with it and and To impaired performance please or the yourself. If please to Certified Service and
that specifically AB Not Unauthorised or the phone and the regulations causing of formance and (RF) the To performance with please: the phone as other telephone. While directly the mouthpiece, the and shoulder. If the should the when the the affects the to higher than and and If phone with the and that other phone and receiver. the turned and (RF) the type of phone and commonly The that when the which to The International Radiation Protection (ICNIRP), the World Health (WHO), published and which recommended to RF from telephones. According to ICNIRP which based the of research, there that terminals the recommended health effects. telephones to the ICNIRP and other international such CENELEC ENV50166-2:1995 ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992 (USA, AS/NZS (Int):1998 New and
AB Not the and the of the where If to phone while please: to countries vehicle the instructions vehicle off the and or RF vehicles such as vehicle allow of the with their vehicles. with vehicle to that phone the vehicle. with inflates with force. including or wireless the the or the If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious Devices and shielded from RF therefore: phone without the of implanted and other medically implanted should that the of to might the to malfunction. the the breast using the ear the If of the phone and the the of interference If reason to that interference immediately off information. and
hearing might the of such AB Not to service or the services to alternatives. Aircraft Turn off phone aircraft. the ground without To interference with while the the Turn off when or off to with operations. Construction crews often RF to off Potentially Atmospheres Turn off when with atmosphere. It or its such or fire or death. with atmosphere clearly They include areas, such as stations, below or or and areas where the chemicals or such as or or or the of vehicle, which and AC supply) only to as the To reduce of to the cord, from the holding the AC rather than the cord. the that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. To reduce of shock, the from to The charger or areas. and
Communications AB Not Children allow to with phone that become and Emergency IMPORTANT! This operates and as as which Therefore should phone to or the switched and service with strength. Emergency phone or when services and/or features with service Battery Information New The with Battery and rechargeable service treated properly. battery, or that of reduced the first used. The and the when using the If the and and prolonged. only and the AC/DC with and the warranty cover which caused of non-Ericsson to +60C (+140F). If the the reduced. The only when the +5C (+41F) and +45C (+113F). Turn off phone the battery. the the and
to AB Not the the another This short-circuit and the battery. to This the to to allow the to the mouth. Battery toxic Recycling Battery The of properly and should instructions. and
Warranty AB Not purchasing this Product. To of the of that follow the and the terms and of Warranty. You warranty Should Product warranty service, should to the from whom purchased or to further information. Warranty warrants this Product to free from and workmanship the of its purchase consumer, and of the Product covered warranty of year from the of its purchase What If, the warranty this Product to and service, to or workmanship, authorised or authorised service its option, or the Product with the and Conditions The warranty the issued to the chaser the specifying the of purchase and with the to repaired or replaced. the right to refuse warranty service this information or the purchase of the from the If repairs or the Product, the repaired or warranted the of the warranty or from the of whichever or functionally reconditioned Warranty
or become the property of AB Not Ericsson. This warranty cover of the Product to wear and tear, including to other than the and customary with instructions and of the Product, or acts of and from This warranty cover to installations, or service non-Ericsson authorised service workshop or of the non-Ericsson authorised The warranty cover which caused of non-Ericsson with of the the products the warranty. THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OTHER THAN THIS PRINTED LIMITED WARRANTY. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITH- OUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTA- BILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ERICSSON BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS OR COMMER- CIAL LOSS. TO THE FULL EXTENT THOSE DAMAGES CAN BE DISCLAIMED BY LAW. countries allow the or of or or of the of warranties, the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from country to country. Warranty
Declaration of Conformity AB Not AB of responsibility that type 1101-BV to which this conforms to the TBR TBR TBR31, TBR32, ETS and EN following the of 91/263/EEC EMC 89/336/EEC, and 73/23/EEC of Declaration of Conformity
AB Not Declaration of Conformity
Index AB Not to service. information Assembling the phone Barring Battery attaching charging C specifying activating from the service activating Calling from Calling Calling services activating Calling (CLI) rejecting switching CB. information broadcast. information Charging the charger Choosing Clock. Closed user Conference creating extracting releasing Credit
charger text light information activating incoming DTMF tones AB Not Emergency and activating text the Index SMS Initial International International functions the chosing text through shortcuts (SMS) Microphone Missed Missed microphone
Network search selecting AB Not services checking of memory creating phone phone international to memory memory shortcuts activating/cancelling the security SMS replying to PIN PIN2 the Profile of Profiles activation selecting PUK (SMS) Rejecting (SMS) phone choosing own type (SMS) SIM Application to SIM features initiated SIM activating
SMS forwarding reading replying to templates SMS Stop (SMS) reading AB Not Technical Telephone Text (SMS) Touch tones Troubleshooting Turning phone off Turning phone Service rejecting activating