PM
purchase and the www.ericsson.com/us/consumer www.ericsson.com/phones This published Inc. without warranty. and to this typographical of information, or to and/or Inc. and without however, incorporated editions of this Inc. rights Publication AE/LZT R1 Printed USA Started Turning On and Information and Functions and Functions and the the Service and Text (SMS) Incoming Security and Subscription More than One Network Preferences the Calling Card and and The Profile Services Additional Information Troubleshooting and
Please of the services this This to the GSM International Emergency (or the Americas) Please network or service whether service or You should the and and the Warranty Conditions
Turning On and Information and Functions and Started
Connector Battery release catch release light On/Off release Microphone Battery Charging
Assembly You to the following to the SIM the to the charge the The SIM Card as with SIM (Subscriber Identity The SIM that of the services included and information, other things. SIM One the of credit and the other phone the credit SIM perforated that easily. the SIM as shown below. and the SIM Card the attached. the SIM the the with the facing and the to the right. The PIN SIM with security known as PIN Identity which to the Every to PIN. You PIN the information from services that PIN, PIN2. You should with PIN, protection unauthorized of the of the SIM and
If PIN incorrectly three the SIM If this PUK Unblocking which from The Battery with lithium battery. The when there enough to switch the that charge the to three hours the phone the first Attaching the Battery to the the back of the phone and hear click. to Charge the Battery The that with whenever without affecting its performance. You charge the when the phone off. To that to charge the or with sounds and the Battery appears the the light top of the flashing If Ericsson-approved battery, the and the the upwards or You the The and the type of and the Please that these and than shown the The off when the satisfactorily.
Charging the Battery that the attached to the the charger to the The the outlet country. to other item than Charger CTR-10. It from the charger when the To the the top of the phone shows steady light (or the switched the Charging shown the the the continuously If charge that empty, or that while of charging the Ericsson-approved indicated charging each charging the battery when the phone switched the and the that Ericsson-approved with that Ericsson-approved reasons. These indicated Charging each charging the when the switched You the while the this the charging the charger to the as shown. The the upwards.
the the the and the the top of the shows steady light. Disconnecting the Charger the from the the upwards. the Battery the release catch upwards. the from the
Turning On and Turning the the release the right of the Press and the NO hear If PIN: Appears the SIM protected with PIN If PIN: appears the turned the PIN. If while PIN, the the C Press YES If PIN incorrectly three the SIM You it PUK. The SIM Card If appears the phone The Network Search turned the (and PIN), the phone searches found, the three The light top of the flashes once every and abbreviated) appears the This You and reach Initial The first to choose the type and the clock and information about these and other Turning On and
SIM the to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English (US) To the If phone shows that to or English (US) the following To the to If and the NO to to Press the arrow Press the arrow To the to English (US) If and the NO to to Press the arrow Press the arrow Turning and the NO hear Turning On and
Information and Functions the shows the of the the and the Other appear incoming the clock and this chapter, learn about the Information The below shows and each which appear Explanation the of the Battery the of the battery. Missed You to or from received. Another than Normal chosen. off sound heard when The clock and turned off, the and SMS You text You Indicates that to outgoing to the Service to the Service. Information and Functions
Each its Graphics Functions The below the release To the and incoming (To the To and YES To and the To the from To choose or To the or off, and the NO To To To back the to or to unchanged. To back to and the and To the To through and C (Clear) To and from the To the microphone and the To the phone and the from To item from To the The the international To and the To the and of the To through using shortcuts. To when writing SMS. To To and lower-case Information and Functions Ciphering Ciphering currently the You appear
(Hash) To upwards and information about the the through the To increase or the of the or To incoming the To and the when the To through the To the without and the while the release To the Information and Functions
and this chapter, that turned and that within of If other that allows to this. Network the the release the and phone Press YES countries While counter and the If and the of the the the Cost the or NO to the Previously Called the that or To previously Press YES to the Press or to choose the to Press YES to the information, the and
If the when first and the shows Retry? Retry? the YES phone to the answered. the connected, hear or You to the to ear hear the and International Press and the appears. The the international of the country from which calling. the country (without the leading and phone Press YES Emergency (the international or the Americas Press YES The international (or normally country, with or without SIM GSM network within that SIM and that the PIN as the international (or that as the international and the and the shows If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the the the the If the and the phone the shown. If the incoming restricted the If the incoming without CLI service, Unknown shown. and
the the release or YES the Rejecting the the of the The shows The hears this the If the to the specified. Incoming To the without to the while the flip. Then NO or closing the Ciphering Ciphering built-in that and to shown the to that ciphering currently the and
phone which might helpful while the You easily the the the of the To the upwards to increase the to the the Microphone If wish, the microphone off To the microphone off temporarily Press and the C appears the To release the C of and holding the C the To Press YES appears the To YES Tone To telephone services or to to These as tone known as DTMF tones or tones). With these If and these and characters as tone You only or together with Telephone Services to the
The If to of phone as To the the to the the the the or, to to the You the New the the the to hear the tones. If wish, turn the tones off Scratchpad Checking the Duration or of the the normally shows the and seconds. the instead. This and SIM the Cost If the hear once every as of the of the than One of than You the and then or You with to people. More than One
Functions and and Text (SMS) Incoming Security and than One Network Preferences the and and the the Service Calling Card The Profile Services
GSM phone with lithium battery; of and advanced The active to the why the and to or to the You the The Profile which to choosing each includes of to when to choose the and of that then automatically. The Profiles related to such as or vehicle the vehicle and the chosen automatically. the of the of text and which to through the when to turn the and the shortcuts, which to and easily. You Shortcuts, including the If should using the the with to
the You the You the to such as the You the to the of to the clock, numbers, The which and through with the and or shortcuts. Each of with options. Graphics You the or At the top of the there each these, there within the indicating The below and each and of text and Info and information. and clock and other of Shortcuts selection of You Missed Indicates the the and Indicates the Indicates the memory Indicates that phone the memory and the SIM memory the
the Indicates that phone group. Unread SMS Indicates that text read. Indicates that checked. Indicates that the SIM memory Indicates that the SIM memory. Indicates that recorded the only. Indicates that to Indicates that recorded the Indicates that and recorded the phone and the Preferred Indicates that and used. Indicates that and used. Indicates that appear text Indicates Indicates that the or
Moving through the There of through the with or shortcuts Scrolling or Press... to... or through or right or through or or YES back the or NO unchanged. back to and holding the item from C information about to Once the and the or or and the reach the or that instead of the or repeatedly. Shortcuts to through the to the shortcuts. You the of the or to which to first to the or To back to and NO as to the and function to and to the first the Shortcuts to and the this of them and of this, the shortcut To the Instructions the instructions this the and to the and the shortcut to and The following instruction to the sound to the
To the sound to YES Sounds YES Sound YES Select Tone the instruction as follows: From the or to to the Press YES to the the The of the that chosen shown the top of the Press YES to the Sounds (You to with the arrow this the first the or to to the Sound Press YES to the or to to Tone Press YES to the the sound to To back to and the NO This to the instruction as when using shortcuts: To the sound Press or to the Press to the Press to the Sounds Press to the Sound Select Text through the the The following hints Black text within the top the chosen. Inverted the If YES this or this function that temporarily to or to which Text with the or selected. Text with the selected. the shown text when active. they shown text the
Shortcuts You the Shortcuts this and easily reach the Shortcuts which wish. You from another to Shortcuts To to Shortcuts to Shortcuts YES YES Select from the the this Press YES If to another and To from Shortcuts and Press YES to the to the first the Shortcuts to and To the and of the includes that the These to On when them off To the or off to YES YES Functions YES YES Select On or the
the Switch to Select Profile ID Switch to ID Next Scratchpad Release active Switch Clock Stopwatch Sounds and Profiles Clear Counters Clear Missed Credit Unsnt items Items Templates Memory Calling Cards Info and New and and Please that of the and Release
You phone and accompanying entry). easy to the phone or Creating creating there things to know. You to learn about the to the with the international and to You and the memory the SIM the phone memory first the SIM The of memory SIM the memory allows to the the SIM when when SIM another the phone memory, they to SIM cards. The phone memory which when SIM used. International If to phone both and to as international numbers, with the (which the international the country from) followed the country the and the phone
To international Press and to the the leading the You when the phone and when (SMS). and Text (SMS) Press the or repeatedly the character appears the Press to C To once. To To lower-case the and then appears. Lower-case appear To numbers, and To and numbers, the C You the as shortcut to To the upwards and To C the and You choose another and holding
Together with Every phone that You the together with to to of numbers. To together with to YES New YES of appears. Select or of the from the YES phone that to (including the and the country and YES that to with the phone and YES You three To the the first YES To the another C to the and YES To the the memory, to know SIM You this Memory the If, SIM, to the memory. If turned to to to If to to or that already phone the to option. To the to function or off to YES YES Functions YES to YES Select On or the Calling service. Calling the You the with or the the that The of searching and the chosen, alphabetically or
To choose to YES YES Sort YES Select To the to YES and YES the or the (or the first of the with the that to Press YES If the displayed the or the and Press YES to the to the and function to and Shortcuts to by: the followed pressing and holding of the to with and holding to the first with the (or following). Once the of phone or to through the or or to to You the that the memory the and then YES the Press YES to the the to You to the and the from to You to the of entry. Editing the You to the phone that to You the or the Calling the
To to YES and YES the or the of the that to Press YES If the displayed the or the and Press YES to the the and YES the or to the the C to the and YES the and YES Protection If to phone which already the appears together with the that You To the the selected Press YES to the with the To the Press NO the Press YES to the the the Card Memory SIM appears to the From the memory. If including the memory to that already and YES To from the memory to YES and YES the or the of the that to and YES (This the alphabetically or Press YES Select Press YES to choice.
To from the phone memory to YES YES The memory? appears. memory? Press YES the or another that chosen yourself). the memory Telephone Services If telephone services, the phone of service together with or only. You to the and the You and holding the Usually, each required, to about to and It to the To phone with to YES New YES YES the and the the character appears the the and If required, the and the that to with the phone and and YES Press YES to If to the than the Together with To with tone as Calling the the the phone the the answered and then the If another and another the and To to YES New YES YES the and required, another and Press YES that to with and YES Press YES to
these from the and them. To the to YES and YES the (or first or of and YES Press YES to the The allows to of this text to the and Text (SMS) To to YES YES YES the and YES to YES Select To the YES To to existing to YES YES Select the that to to YES YES Select phone To from to YES YES Select the that to Select to the that to and C Press YES to To to YES YES Select the that to Select Press YES to choice. You to when to text as and Text (SMS) You each consisting of characters.
To to YES YES YES and YES and YES The the three To to YES YES Select the that to Select the and YES the and YES To to YES YES Select the that to Select Press YES to choice. Checking the of the The Memory function phone memory To the of phone to YES Memory YES or to through the
the The that information phone and about the incoming and outgoing Once the What The that If includes the Calling (CLI) service and the the the (together with phone of and the If the incoming restricted the shows If the without CLI service, Unknown shown. You of the the The the together The the first If the than once, the earlier ones. If within hours, the of the displayed. the the If SIM or the off, the cleared. Called the SIM memory though. To from the to Info YES YES to the that to and YES Press YES when the to directly to the Missed the
To from the to Info YES YES to the to and C The appears the Press YES to the To clear the to Info YES Clear YES The Clear? appears the Press YES to clear the To the or off to Info YES YES YES Select On or If the Clear? appears the Press YES to clear the Missed If the Missed appears where the the of Missed Press YES to the If to from the Missed YES the to You the Missed the Info Missed the To to the Showing offer where normally You choose to or Calling Restriction service (CLIR) To phone the to to YES ID YES Press YES to the To phone the phone to to YES ID YES Press YES to the the
Service This service and The service of network allows to when that inform indication. If this the the appears the however, inform SMS), to Service. information about and reading text information about Service, please to the information network Communicating With Service If phone to easily interact with Service, the to Service. You the the information To to YES YES YES and YES The to Service from that Calling sounds and the New appears the the indication). If to YES to Service. If NO Service to to recorded Service
To Service to YES YES You Service and holding from and To to YES YES YES Press and C to the existing and YES To the to YES YES YES Select the If to the Service, You options the incoming to to and connected. Further information about Service found the operating instructions Service
You choose to phone completely that the and turned off. To the From and C appears. Press YES appears To and YES off? You the The first that clicks heard when You the off then appears To the to YES Sounds YES YES The of the appears the to increase the to The phone once with the as increase the Press YES to the the the of the phone to the of the silently. Increasing You choose that from the to the Increasing To the to Increasing to YES Sounds YES Increasing YES Select On The Increasing the to apply. If the to the increasing heard.
You choose from of sounds and You to four of with the Composing To choose of the to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the type that If to other the the of the to silently. and If to the Service, the L1 and L2 instead of and SIM and and respectively. If includes the Calling (CLI) service, assign to to callers. You and another If the of to specified, then that used. You include that from phone and the You and holding To specify and the accompanying to YES Sounds YES YES YES YES the and YES You it from the Select the type
To to YES Sounds YES YES YES to the to and YES Select Composing You four To to YES Sounds YES YES Custom YES Select or Press C to clear the the to The as Press and to Press to the Press once to the half-tone. Press to the To to YES Press YES to or NO to editing. You choose to of incoming the of the You the to of the following: On the On when the turned off or when the to the phone charger or the turned off automatically. To the to YES Sounds YES YES Select the
You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when or text (SMS). To the to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the You the the To the the clock to YES Sounds YES YES YES Select the Sound You choose whether to hear clicks, tones or nothing when the To the sound to YES Sounds YES Sound YES Select the sound If the hear once To the or off to YES Sounds YES YES Select On or You the the Info Scratchpad If of the as The The to hear the tone as the If to, the tone off. You the tones or off
To the tone off to YES Select Scratchpad To the to YES Select DTMF Light You the light to off or the light turned off seconds the It when the flip, or when or To the light to YES YES Light YES Select the light SIM the to the of the country where bought SIM If this the the English (US). To the to YES YES Select the You choose English (US) You choose Text Ericsson appears the of this, write their To write to YES YES YES Select Custom the information to You Press YES to
To the to YES YES YES Select To the off to YES YES YES Select allows to phone number(s). If from SIM yourself. To phone to YES YES YES YES the and then YES You and/or and and these The displayed when the phone To the to YES and YES Format YES Select the 24-hour or 12-hour clock. To the clock to YES and YES Clock YES the hours and and YES from to or If the 12-hour clock, and With the function, whether to the clock when You choose to the function off, To the off to YES and YES YES Select This service the
the the upwards or to the To the to YES and YES Format YES Select the To the to YES and YES YES the year month and and then YES If chosen another the differently. You the to the they when bought To the phone to YES YES the phone and YES The phone another
and Text (SMS) The Short Service (SMS) allows to and text consisting of to characters. that text to which of or text to the of that SMS. If SIM the to service the yourself. to or the to SMS below. The Short Service allow SMS to within their the to SMS If to or to to that Service SIM already this information the of purchase. You the service from To service found the to YES YES Service YES to the and YES Select If found the to the yourself. To the to service to YES YES Service YES YES the including the international and country and YES and Text (SMS)
Composing Text information to text and the To once. To To lower-case the and then appears. Lower-case appear To numbers, and To and numbers, the C You the as shortcut to To the upwards and To C the and You choose another and New Text to YES YES and YES the phone or from the phone Press YES to the appears the If of the options options Reply to these choices the phone Text the If to the the phone memory and Press NO when to phone The recalled from the Unsnt items the To the to YES Unsnt items YES Select the to The appears the Press YES and Text (SMS)
Select If wish, Press YES and from as New Text The with of with to which Text to With text to group. You to and phone text to group. information to To text to to YES YES and YES Press to the to and YES the and YES to the text to group, each included that group. Text the type of the and the of to to of service offer the facility of text that the that to the Please to which and You type that to or option, which that to which type to and Text (SMS)
To type to YES YES YES YES Select the type The selected type To or off to YES YES YES options YES Select On or If the turned off the service the to If the service to reach the within the You as or options option, which that to the the To as to YES YES YES YES the The selected To the function or off to YES YES YES options YES On or Reply to If the of to reply, the Reply option. this function to choose the to or If the to reply, On and YES To turn the Reply function or off to YES YES Reply YES Select On or Not these and Text (SMS)
Templates If or that these as Templates to whenever You to which of characters each. templates the phone memory. To template to YES Templates YES YES the and YES information to Composing Text If to the YES when appears the and as New Text The the of templates. If to the NO The as template To template to YES Templates YES Select the template to You the New Text completed the YES the Press YES to the template. To template to YES Templates YES Select the to and then C The appears the Press YES to the hear the light the top New of the flashes and the New appears the and Text (SMS)
To the Press YES when the New The shows when the and from what the Calling service (CLI). If the together with the the shown instead. through the using the arrow and backwards through the arrow the right of the that there text the At the of the when the arrow the YES with options appears: Reply The options the following If the of the to reply, the Reply Reply? appears the when YES this function If to reply, NO To the Press NO when the New The the memory and appears the top of the The as as the If to the from the below). Calling Press YES when the highlighted Select Calling the of the the YES Select the option If the together with the the of the who the appears together with and Text (SMS)
Replying to the YES Select Reply the option Select what to as or include this when replying). and YES to the If the of the to reply, the Reply Reply? appears the this function when YES the of the Press YES to reply. If to reply, NO the YES Select the option You completed YES the Press YES to the the YES Select the option You C while reading The appears the Press YES to the You from the of the without to To from the the to YES YES Select the to and C The appears the Press YES to the Incoming If to incoming once, the phone memory. This allows to If there this memory, the appears the top of the and Text (SMS)
The memory to memory the when received. If the phone memory becomes of the SIM the memory them, SIM or the the memory to The SIM Card Memory You SIM that the SIM there them, they The of that SIM To the SIM memory the YES the option The from the phone memory to the SIM memory. The the of the and the of the third of that the SIM If the SIM reach them should SIM with another Reading to YES YES that the the SIM Select the to read. the as If to the YES the of the Select the option and Text (SMS)
Information The ordinary Short Service service that The Information another type of text which to subscribers The information or phone to This To Information or off to YES YES Info YES Reception YES Select On or Information type of Information three-digit The below shows of the information that AI Index Newsflashes Doctors reports reports Weather District BSID Network information services Directory Directory (international) Customer Customer (international) These information about the information services that please to the information and Text (SMS)
Information You which of information to The of Info that SIM To Information to YES YES Info YES YES YES the and YES To the to YES YES Info YES YES Select the to and C The appears the Press YES to the Information the appears the You the the as ordinary text the YES The BSID The BSID Information to their subscribers within network the inform that within and that This To BSID or off to YES YES BSID YES Select On or and Text (SMS)
Incoming If to that incoming correctly when to them, the service to them to another The service The service and respectively and choose the following alternatives: already the that within specified Reply phone turned off or Not Reachable These If to the Service, and You then If automatically. phone and the phone to another this indicated when incoming phone which from another this indicated Incoming
Activating To to YES YES YES to the to Reply Not Reachable or and YES Select recently the function or recently the as the including the to which to and then YES If to numbers, C If the the to Press and then the the option, shown the Restricted function options activated. Security and Subscription To to YES YES YES to the to and YES Select The Please appears, which informs that the Checking the To the of to YES YES YES to the to and YES Select The Please appears, which informs whether the or To the of to YES YES YES YES Incoming
Security and There to phone and from unauthorized from SIM to phone The SIM Card The SIM protects and from unauthorized If SIM cards, the with the SIM SIM the of purchase. If the SIM to the PIN Identity every If PIN incorrectly three the SIM This indicated the PIN If this to to To SIM PIN appears. PUK (or PUK2) which the information Press YES four- to PIN (or PIN2). Press YES the PIN (or PIN2) to Press YES If the PUK permanently If this should To PIN to YES YES Card YES PIN YES PIN and YES PIN and YES The phone to the PIN. PIN and YES The PIN Security and
If the Match appears, this the PIN incorrectly. If the PIN appears, PIN: PIN incorrectly. To PIN to YES YES Card YES PIN2 YES Follow the as To PIN To off the SIM to YES YES Card YES Protection YES YES PIN and YES The Unlocked confirms that the turned off. This only SIM allows to the To the SIM to YES YES Card YES Protection YES On YES PIN and YES The confirms that the The The protects the phone unauthorized and the SIM exchanged. It when the You the phone to four- to The phone On or If the phone On the appears each the You to YES to If the to to phone SIM the the correctly, the phone with the SIM You to the phone the SIM or SIM Security and
the to YES YES YES YES Follow the To PIN It that If should to phone to To the to or off to YES YES Protection YES Select On or the and YES The shown. The service allows to of to and received. This service or The following restricted: outgoing outgoing international Intl outgoing international to country, Intl incoming Incoming incoming when (when Inc when To that which with to or restriction. You the as often as To to YES YES YES to the option and YES Select or and YES The Please appears, which informs whether the restriction or If incoming Incoming Security and
To to YES YES YES YES and YES The Please appears, that To the of restriction to YES YES YES to the option and YES Select The Please appears, which informs whether the restriction or To the to YES YES YES New YES the and YES the and YES the and YES The Please appears, confirming that the of restricting outgoing It SIM that allows to The normally protected PIN2. SIM The function allows to only to the SIM If to other numbers, the appears the It to numbers, or followed the first to numbers. allows to to with with the international and country allowing to abroad. which include should as To and The service to the international (or the Americas). Security and
To the service or off to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select On or To to YES YES YES PIN2 and YES the and YES the to with the and YES To to YES YES to the that to and YES Select PIN2 and YES the and YES the and YES the and YES To to YES YES to the that to and YES Select PIN2 and YES The The Closed (CUG) function another of lowering It and Not this function. On cheaper to within group. You of To Closed to YES YES Closed YES YES YES the of the Closed and YES the of the and YES The Security and
To Closed to YES YES Closed YES YES to the to and YES Select within the selected user group. To You whether outgoing to allowed. to YES YES Closed YES YES On To the CUG to YES YES Closed YES YES to the that to and YES Select and YES To from the CUG to YES YES Closed YES YES to the that to and YES Select With the service, choose to from numbers. Other rejected You to the that to The rejected the the Info the the service to as To to the to YES YES YES YES YES This to phone Select To the to It to choose within To from the to YES YES Screening YES YES to the to and C Security and
To the to YES YES YES YES To from the to YES YES YES Screening YES only from the the shown To to YES YES YES YES Select incoming rejected. The hears and of shown To from to YES YES Screening YES Screening YES Select You as To the function to YES YES YES YES The that with Security and
More than One allows to than This that that while or and then switch the You Conference to with to You or of while other people to the You while to privately. Conference The Waiting Service If to to while another the Waiting service. The Waiting service If or hear Incoming rejected. To the Waiting service to YES YES Waiting YES YES There the the the Please displayed. This the Waiting Activated To the Waiting service to YES YES Waiting YES YES To whether the Waiting service or to YES YES Waiting YES YES the YES the to and YES You the from phone and holding You More than One
If the Waiting service hear tone the The or of the normally shown the top of the together with of the and Release&answer If the incoming restricted the shows If the without CLI service, Unknown shown. You of the following: the and the Press YES to the The the and the active the and the Select The rejected. If the the hears If the to the specified. the and the Select Release&Answer One Active and One On active and of the following: Switch the Press YES the active and to the Press NO The appears. Press YES If NO the both to YES Release YES than One
the to YES YES The connected to each other, and disconnected from both The service the Conference to YES YES Conference below. Third If the Waiting service third when active and From without to You hear tone the and and Release&Answer appear the You of the following: the and the Select Release&Answer The becomes active and the the Select The third rejected. the this function, the hears below Conference The Conference service with than ordinary hear each other the You include to Creating Conference To active and To the to YES YES You created (with and the active and More than One
New to the Conference You the and then To Press YES to the the to include the group. to YES YES You include to the repeating to To the the to YES ID Conf YES The first phone displayed, If the and phone the instead. the shows with to the other Conversation with One of the If to with of the that from the and the other To to YES YES Select the that to To the to the to YES YES Releasing from the Conference You release from the or once. To release to YES Release YES Select the that to release. To release to YES Release YES More than One
while Conference You the and another You then switch the and the To the and Press YES the to and YES To switch the and the Press YES To the and to the Press NO and then YES the Conference the or NO More than One
Network Preferences Searching the searches the If this within another that allows to This The of which the chooses network of SIM includes of functions that searches You choose from those within To network to YES YES Select Network YES If there than within to the and YES to To search to YES Networks YES New Search YES The phone searching to the of SIM Information The currently with button. Together with the the following information the The shows... Network Preferences You appear The of the included of SIM You this The of the included of SIM You allowed to this
other without they included the or SIM they used. Networks The of the SIM If such within when the phone searches search If and to that allows to the this though the displayed. of You and that which selection, when within The of that the SIM You the and rearrange the of the You to the and from To the of to YES YES YES The of the first network displayed. or to through the the To to YES Networks YES Preferred YES to and YES Select To to the to YES YES YES YES to the that to and YES If the appear the to Other and YES the three-digit country and the and YES and YES shifted the Network Preferences
To from the to YES Networks YES YES to the that to and YES Select To rearrange the to YES YES YES to the that to and YES Select the within the and YES Search it searches This the search that to search search that phone searches the network first. If this searches another within search that searches the first. If this the Select appears. You then to choose network as Searching To the search to YES Networks YES Search YES YES To the search to YES Networks YES Search YES YES Network Preferences
the the of the shown the the the information shown another three seconds. If to information, the (or the of displayed instead of the or The Info allows to the or of To the of the to Info YES YES the or to information) of the To the of outgoing to Info YES YES To the to Info YES YES To the to Info YES YES To the to Info YES Clear Counters YES Select or Press YES to the or If to information, PIN2 to clear the or counter. the The function and specify the The SIM the
This service and If specify the of displayed and and the Info To the to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select the the currency USD US and then YES the and YES To the To to to Info YES YES YES PIN2 and YES Select Units Credit If both and SIM this amount of money that This when to and their to amount which the deducted from this amount. the amount reaches the of to where from, what of the and the credit only To to Info YES YES Credit YES PIN2 and YES Select Credit the amount, and then YES To to Info YES YES Credit YES PIN2 and YES Select If the to the counter from and increases. the
If the Service, phone with phone numbers, and services. This to business and the of the normally and their You text (SMS) the currently chosen outgoing To the of to YES YES YES Select and YES to to choose which to Incoming both which currently chosen. To to YES Select Switch to or Switch to From outgoing this Each You each the or You each phone the or each respectively.
phone allows to: the and when connected to To only to YES hear tone, the with that and the To or or to If, reason, turned off, to turn using To to YES YES YES On ready to Once turned to every Together with to To when recording To existing phone to YES YES YES Select to which to the tone and the that to The played back to Press YES to the recorded. If the recording OK, appears to those phone which You the You and the
To with vehicle to the when connected to vehicle phone recorded the the and information about the Recording If phone of the following might too softly the too should around too or too the tone back to of To to and Editing allows to to and of the that To to and/or the to YES YES to the that to The played back to Press YES Select to the or to the recorded to the instructions. You to and/or and the If recorded phone the played back to the following when through the or and reach this when from the to this when this the connected) To Press and YES hear Release YES and that recorded The played back to and the connected.
of and holding YES as and the when the third to initiate the then To to YES YES YES Select On appears connected to or vehicle or incoming to the function and commands. To to YES YES YES Select On You to to commands. Press YES to Follow the instructions the the and YES to recording. the microphone of the If the recording OK, the and YES to recordings. If other instead of and To incoming using the the The played back to and the connected. To incoming the the The played back to and the rejected, the hears information about and
Calling Card international or to charge these account. If or to redirect the charges to of these accounts instead. The Calling service redirect the charges to credit account or to account. You These protected four- to phone the to You the to that choose yourself. The You the Calling service when or Activating the Calling Card Service To to to the service. To the Calling service to YES YES YES phone and YES Select On The Calling service and the Calling Cards the Calling Card You To to YES Calling Cards YES and YES Select the of the and YES that to with and YES the of the and YES whether to the that to or the first and YES to choice. Calling Card
service the information the To to YES Calling Cards YES to the that to and YES Select The appears the Press YES The To to YES Calling Cards YES to the that to and YES Select You the Press YES to the You the and Choosing Card If numbers, choose which to To to YES Calling Cards YES phone and YES the that to Select Calling Card the phone of or from the and holding Press and YES The of the and the phase, to the phone of the that to and the the chosen To the and the connecting phase, YES when the shows or seconds and they automatically. connected to Calling Card
and and To to services the software such as or and and initiated from the software. To and to to of and then the software and The of and and If and this to as This that to three If types, this to as and If and the type of incoming shown the There from The shows the type of To or to the the from within the software automatically). You incoming or the YES the phone the NO and and
and If SIM that and numbers, the the type of Next Incoming If to or to the to of these options the Next Incoming You this phone that and Once phone incoming this The To the type to YES Next YES Select the type or and and
Clock The clock, which when it shown the The the and the flashes, the phone turned off. The of the increasing, the attached and charged. The seconds and repeated every off. the function off automatically. To the of the to YES Clock YES the Press YES to To the to YES Clock YES YES the Press YES to To the off Press to the off when If the to repeated, YES To off the function to YES Clock YES Select You the Clock and the
The phone built-in which and multiply. Press to Press C to to the of the Press to To the this to to YES YES Press repeatedly the appears. Press YES to the To clear the C Stopwatch The phone built-in stopwatch to activity. To the stopwatch to YES Stopwatch YES Press YES to the Press YES to To the stopwatch Press C when the stopwatch when the stopwatch to Press or to If incoming or or text while the stopwatch the stopwatch turned off. If the stopwatch the stopwatch turned off. The phone built-in 24-hour You the and when that sounds. To the to YES YES the and YES The countdown The shown the sounds, to turn off.
To when the to YES YES YES the and YES The countdown The shown the sounds, to off. To turn off the to YES YES Select The when the phone turned off. There each as to started. The of to the from reaching the top. the To to YES YES YES appears the To Select Press to of choosing with to High-score or To the or the or the upwards right or or C NO The Rights
The of to four of cards, from to The The or facing If the top revealing the face-down or of with to of built and the of hearts the of or The the You these The the the or the of the it and To to YES YES YES appears the To New (or played of choosing with to or To the Select Confirm Turn from (selection and
The Profile phone includes of of which to when to choose the and of that choose automatically. when phone vehicle the chosen. information activation of Accessories The Profiles There Normal phone to of the to the Normal You the of the included or accessory to You the of the Normal and accessory to the Normal information to accessory to to To which the upwards or The Profile
The below shows the of each Increasing On On On On screening Calling Cards Light On L1 L1 L1 L1 L1 L1 On Activation On On HF You choose manually. To manually to YES Profiles YES Select Profile YES Select the You Select Profile the Shortcuts The to reach this to and If choose other than Normal shown which with accessory, such as or Normal chosen manually, activation The with chosen automatically. Accessories the You the and the to wishes. To the of to YES Profiles YES Profile YES and YES The Profile Normal
To to YES Profiles YES YES of the appears. Select YES the to wishes. information, the chapters Security and Calling Card and Accessories If which included the updated. With the Profiles function, back to the they when bought To the to YES Profiles YES Profiles YES The The Profile
together with to of features, to those when the separately. of incoming when the phone and This that the The Profiles The Profile allows to to when together with accessory. On the following information interact with phone and its You of the when the upwards or or when choose another Every from the accessory, the to the which active the activated automatically. the with accessory to automatically, the activation the activation to On the and If wish, it off. To activation or off to YES Profiles YES Activation, YES Select On or You choose manually, activated automatically. The Profiles
Charger If the with Charger to useful ordinary You choose to the switch to the and to when the To to these features, to the first phone the the the Charger the phone the charger as shown and backwards to the further instructions to the please To the with and the phone the The Select appears the Press YES (If NO the charger with Select that to with the the The when connected to accessory? appears. Press YES This that to to when, the phone the (If NO the phone and upwards to the phone from the
phone including the and YES to If YES to choose the or another The activation appears. Press YES The appears to choice. You these wish. this to the charger to the or another To accessory to You the the Profile where included YES Profiles YES YES the The switched and the activation the phone to switch when connected to accessory. If chargers, they each to or they to the to the the automatically. This that to the specified the The Profile If to switch when to the to the activation off. To this, manually the and the activation to off. the To the phone the once. You To Press the once. If the Waiting service The Waiting Service the
To Press the once to the The the the disconnected and the first automatically. To the Press and the hear Release the and that recorded previously. The played back to and the connected. to performance when and with recording when connected to Advanced to the the automatically. This that to the specified the The Profile the the the the as shown and backwards to Press the top of the to release the
If to switch when to the Advanced to the Activation off. To this, manually the and the Activation to Advanced should professional information, please The with its which allows to: the and using to to and the function to To with the to the the recorded the the and The vehicle to The the with when connected to vehicle slightly from those that the To the and the (when the closed) or YES hear Release and that recorded the the microphone of the The played back to and the connected. To If Unit, choose which This the
that the the This that the as the the other of the this only properly. that the the This increases the of to to to properly, phone to the sound around the This might this learning phase, the to might hear of his or the sound from the the microphone this as the other If the than the first instead. the type to first. If the type instead. To the type to YES YES YES Select the type or choose to incoming with or If the phone with and this function turned incoming the NO If choose the incoming the phone with To to YES YES YES Select If choose the Normal to as You the function.
With to This the and PC If to the with that 95/98/NT PC software which allows to the and SMS and the or to connected the to the appears the information, please to Profile You or to usually together with the charger to the The the first accessory when connected and switches automatically. with activated automatically. from the and the and vehicle to accessory to choose the manually to which to the accessory. To manually To accessory to to YES Profiles YES Accessories YES the of the which already to the accessory? the of that to the Select accessory. The activation appears, activation already.
Press YES to activation which that the chosen when the accessory connected. to the and vehicle another to accessory this as ordinary You the accessory with To accessory from to YES Profiles YES YES to the accessory that to and C appears. Press YES
Services that hear about service that offering. You that to to the service and within seconds, phone that instantly the service. You software to to SIM The of the This of the services that through the Services. The services offered the Services. What Services? The Services the of offering services, of and services based the Services things to that the Services. such offering the Services. The Services the SIM and and phone If further information about the Services, please Services
New SIM which the Services the as SIM SIM and turned to SIM the first and restarting the SIM offers the The offers and services, which instantly. On this appears the There the there the To to YES Services YES If appear, the that and YES Press NO to back to the the Services this Please network information. Proactive SIM The Services SIM. This that the SIM the phone to These actions showing text from the SIM the to the SIM initiating with the these actions the SIM and, they nothing to with the software. Download to the SIM the to SIM the This of or SIM Card the SIM the the phone showing You hear Services
SIM to to off phone and then the and to This and SIM Card Initiated The SIM to This already this the sound and showing the If shown the whether to and the SIM initiated If to the SIM initiated YES If to the SIM initiated NO If already to the or to appears the whether to and the SIM initiated If to the SIM initiated YES If to the SIM initiated to with the NO SIM Card Initiated SMS The SIM SMS (text and to this the Press YES to the SMS. of Services services and functions that with the Services Please of services offered the Services. Services
Additional Information and Troubleshooting
Several phone to the functionality and the of to of the that phone and from the The of the combinations. To... this: the when YES when and YES and the when and upwards or when the and when the to and when international the phone when and C the microphone and C reach the when and reach phone with of the when and YES and and when YES YES the when upwards or the or when through (and the when the or upwards or or when the YES item when and C back to when the and NO and of the when
To... this: the first of the Shortcuts which the when upwards or the to when the to when Emergency (US) reach the or the character of upwards and of the reach the third or the character of and of the lower- and when and and of the when once when the when and the the when and and when and when C and to through the to shortcuts You the of the or to which to Shortcuts and To the sound To and easily reach the the Shortcuts Shortcuts information about functions through the and and when when when
Troubleshooting This chapter that might while using that service of the easy to yourself. Card There SIM the phone or incorrectly. SIM The SIM Card Correct Card The phone to with SIM cards. the SIM Emergency You within of allowed to allow to the Emergency Emergency Network There within or the too You to to that enough. PIN, PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly. the PIN or PIN2, and YES PIN The SIM Card Match to security PIN) to Match the The that match. The SIM Card PIN/PIN2 You PIN or PIN2 incorrectly three PIN To The SIM Card PUK PUK You (PUK) incorrectly or service Troubleshooting
The phone locked. To the The with the You to four-to The The function and the of Charging, Battery The Ericsson-approved and charging Charging, reasons. The Switched or the battery. The Battery that the properly its Other Indication of Charging charging that or that while the the top of the shows light and the appears. Indication of Missed To to the Troubleshooting
the and of and information, the the The service to to and information quickly, wherever It to services, services, and other information. With the software to the of products. The
of Charge (AoC) to the of from of the and shown the To this service, Information (AI) service that allows to about topics weather forecasts, To this service, Calling (CLI) shows the of the You then choice as to whether or to the Bear that displayed. To this service, to to another or DTMF or Touch Tone Tone as tone Used telephone or from the Class as Class and II allow of to to allow with to from The service protected PIN2. To this service,
that both the the The when and the other his/her turn. GSM of It the Americas. International that the international front of telephone when of country. You then to the of the country calling. International phone that allows to switch offering abroad. selects or or it selects another International roaming based countries. Service where the The and with the arrow Network or consists of of or areas. each from where to and from wireless Network to to to You this from together with SIM that to with PC-Card PCMCIA, the as and phone to or and The thin type II the
memory phone or SIM where and alphabetically or PIN GSM-based to establish authorization to or information. The PIN with PIN2 Personal authorization which services. The PIN2 with PUK Unblocking to SIM This with to or or of to and from outgoing outgoing international switched with To this service, Within this that phone procedures with stations when the the and or Select choose or function the YES that the both to The when to to, functionality. Service that services and to phone users.
Short Service (SMS) allows of to characters to and the to the phone off or of reach that they reach To this service, SIM Subscriber Identity that GSM- based It security information and memory directory of numbers. The type or credit both the The the the that with the service/network To to to You SIM (Subscriber Identity with The services included choice of and/or of the services and this to If of the services included please Service to and This to business and To this service, it
and its introduction the the of the exciting and products developed. to with office, services and others. to wireless and receiver. ON, and (RF) the (FCC) adopted RF with wireless Those with the both US and international ANSI C95.1 NCRP ICNIRP Those based comprehensive and of the and physicians from government health and industry the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). The of phone with the FCC (and those American National National Council Radiation Protection and International Radiation Protection. the or Unauthorized modifications, or the phone and FCC and
NORMAL POSITION: the phone as would other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. TIPS ON EFFICIENT OPERATION: phone to efficiently: (where the when the phone with the affects and the to higher than otherwise the and the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, while please: to first responsibility. operation, off the and or the following while to know wireless and its features such as and wireless phone within easy reach. or or phone while and the traffic; when or traffic. or that distracting. wireless to wireless to others or wireless when necessary. Devices shielded from RF shielded RF from wireless and
The Health Industry Association that of inches wireless phone and to interference with the These with the research and of Wireless Research. with Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their when the turned ON. Should the breast Should the ear the to the interference. If reason to that interference OFF immediately. Hearing wireless with hearing the of such interference, to service (or the service to alternatives). Other Devices. If other the of to shielded from RF physician to this information. Turn phone OFF health when regulations these to or health using that to RF RF improperly or shielded with the or its vehicle. You should the of that to vehicle. Turn OFF facility where Aircraft FCC phone while the Switch OFF aircraft. To with operations, OFF when or posted: Turn off and instructions. and
Potentially Atmospheres Turn OFF when with atmosphere and and instructions. such or fire or death. with atmosphere often clearly They include such as stations; below or or vehicles (such as or where the chemicals or such as or and other where would normally to turn off vehicle with inflates with force. DO NOT including both or wireless the the or the If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious Product and This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. and the following and of allow to with They themselves or others, or the phone that and to or recommended. to them of performance or and the warranty. to the Doing warranty. This serviceable Service should Authorized Service allow to or to products. AC supply) to as the To reduce of the from the the AC the rather than the cord. the located that tripped or otherwise subjected to or stress. and
To reduce of shock, the from the cleaning. Once cloth lightly with cleaning. DANGER the AC or If the the of shock. Dont the the Battery Information New The with charged. capacity, charger to the battery. Recycling Battery The of properly. The should of instructions. Battery and rechargeable service treated properly. battery, or that of should recharging or battery. If off to should charge the within hours the to reach capacity. This phone rechargeable Lithium-Ion Warning! This and to or of fire. Not the to (60C), such as the or Not short-circuit the batterys with such as as the battery. Not the battery. accessory (including that as and the AC/DC with non-Ericsson accessory and from such warranty. Charging the below 41F (5C) or 113F (45C) performance and and
from and allow the to their mouth. Battery toxic with and Not or Turn off the battery. Not the to or other the while from the or crushing the battery. the its FDA Consumer FDA about the of including and PCS The following what known--and what unknown-- about whether these products to health, and what to This information to to the concern? of radiation) the while used. They of (RF), when the stand-by It known that high of RF through heating (this microwave to cook food). However, known whether, to what or through what of RF might health as Although research to these clear of the of this type of to the allow to that or that they the health associated with the of What of about the that built-in that to the head These of of of the the antenna--the of the RF--and the head. The to RF from which the located from the user the of drastically than that from and
RF with from the The of which connected to the telephone house and which and there that might Briefly, there enough to however, research The existing conflicting and of the that to from their research investigating the of RF characteristic of conflicting however, that of RF the of laboratory genetically to to type of than as such when they to RF to There about whether obtained from apply to the of to apply the obtained and to Second, of the that showed increased that already treated with cancer-causing chemicals, and other exposed the to the RF continuously--up to hours the the United States, the industry research the of This research that hospital-based, researchers and type of or acoustic of the sheath). statistically found phone and acoustic There phone and when of of together. It should noted that the of phone this than three years. of however, found phone and type of neuroepithelliomatous It with of the that this occurred the increase with often the used, or the of the fact, the actually with and
hours of phone causing increase with increased of the National Cancer expected to bear the and repeatability of these Researchers conducted of laboratory to the of to RF These included of abnormalities, including aberrations, DNA and the of lymphocytes. of the showed of the RF the which the The this showed to radiation, hours of It that the to this heating. this known to to heating, heat caused the to The already the the of the to RF conflicting. follow-up research necessary. FDA currently with industry, and to the follow-up to these industry-funded research Collaboration with the Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA) expected to to FDA research and oversight of research based such other of reported recently the of people to phone laboratory while they function tests. There the to numbers, or or their memory, they to choices when they to phone This the noted than compared. of and matched there increased of associated with locations, however, they to the of the head where the phone used. this occurred of the increased too to statistically and
summary, enough information this to the that there or health associated with of FDA to with including other and industry, to that research to the to the about the of What known about of that reported users of people who with to that this type of people who fact, the U.S. of about people each At that users of increasing of about month), about of expected each those people, whether or they their to whether of the or whether would whether the of of people who than the of the One to that to the of people with with the of matched people without This The of the National Cancer as as the follow-up research to sponsored industry, to this type of information. What concerning the of the FDA the of products such as as with or However, the agency authority to action shown to that to the such FDA the of to of the health and to or the that the Although the existing FDA actions this FDA the industry to of to The agency recommended that the industry: and
research of RF of the type that RF to the that function; and phone with the information what known about effects of health. At the FDA to interagency of the that responsibility aspects of phone to coordinated the These National Occupational and Health Protection Agency Commission Occupational Health and Administration National Telecommunications and Information Administration The National of Health this group. the of information about what concerned If there from these products--and this know that there is--it people concerned about there they to factor receives. Those who of their and the shorter or when other of People who their switch to type of that their and the of the RF, the off dramatically with they switch which the located the vehicle, phone with built-in connected to mounted the of the or built or headset with to phone the the that people concerned about the from these products, the outlined reduce and
Where information? information, the following (FCC) RF Information to RF from and PCS World Health (WHO) International Non- Protection As) United National Protection Telecommunications Industry Association (CTIA) U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) Devices and Health Footnotes Study of Telephone and Brain State of the California. Tice of phone activity genotoxicity and other laboratory of the March Washington, D.C.; and unpublished Preece, AW, G, Davies-Smith, A, K, S, E, and Varey, A. Effect of function Int. J. L, A, A, and Mild, KH. of telephones and the Int. J. Oncol., and
and