Networks BV Not
HANDSET Networks BV Microphone BASE STATION Charging light Warning light On Clear/Mute Battery the back) Charge light the back) the back)
Networks BV Not This published Networks BV, without warranty. and to this tated typographical of information, or to and/or BV and without however, rated editions of this rights the Battery Attaching and the and Telephoning Advanced telephoning Personalising the the PIN and Direct Connecting to stations Reference instructions Troubleshooting and Warranty
and The with: RTTE 99/5/EC, EMC 89/336/EC, LVD 73/23/EC. The DT200 with: TTE 91/263/EC, EMC 89/336/EC, LVD 73/23/EC. to the of and offering products and services that allows to reduce their This that shall: Increase knowledge and about to where becomes and of the process. BV Not knowledge grounds and as and and within tions that the from or services. or to the and the as to products and services. on-going to performance. Where and research relating to of and actively international harmonization of
PREPARING FOR USE BV Not About ISDN This phone with ISDN, which Integrated Services the of and With to phone This to telephone the or to ISDN with and to and telephone the other ISDN with and tion to instance business and another scriber (MSN) information). The ISDN this and You the phone directly to the ISDN which other attached, such as ISDN or Warning the to the the the that with the the that closely follow the below: the the location the station. To the of its operating You using the or mount the the
mount. to interference, the phone or If the screw the mount to the the telephone to the stations telephone and to the ISDN terminator. the to the of the station. Networks BV Not the to the or the to the mount. the first. the the through the the back. the the as shown the that the switched off. the the The light top of the should continuously. If red, flashing light, there with the telephone the to the and the light the top of the off. the the least hours to the tery the first the charged, the ready informa- tion about charging the battery, please to Battery If Normally the to the when the (the the to manually the to the Subscribing DT200 to the station At this to the of
To the Press CLR the to the to the the UP or DOWN and YES the UP or DOWN to the option and YES to confirm. Select the of choice from the and YES information to the please to the It to of the IPEI You it to the PIN The IPEI found the You write the IPEI the IPEI BV Not that the PIN of the ately the the PIN information. BRIEF GUIDE You the that covered the station. this with the and the the The light and hear fast, warning Switching the first switch To switch the Press NO least to switch the The appears. The the right-hand the internal of the the station. first that the telephone correctly To the of the to the and YES light appears the top of the station. and completing the to back. Press NO to the If the and the To Press YES to the To the NO
USING THE MENUS The operated the which instance, the option PhoneBook the UP or the DOWN Press the UP or DOWN to through other options. Press YES to option. options Networks BV through the to the or previous NO once or repeatedly, If the to the The of which that options or only when Navigation You operation: Press NO once or repeatedly. The to operation. The topic that follows and as shows the and every of the other that know around the This what option to function. To the options, through the the These what options to >PhoneBook Confirm >PhoneBook BaseStation >BaseStation Networks Information >Information PhoneBook
to to function. the option immediately to the UP or DOWN to If through the the as the previous the option, this indicated as shown the and as You the option to and the phone Networks BV Not To phone the UP or DOWN to to PhoneBook and YES the UP or DOWN to and YES to and YES the to the Press once the first of the the three the third and then YES to >PhoneBook Correct the necessary. To CLR or, to clear the CLR second. These the when numbers. the telephone and YES to BATTERY The rechargeable battery. Charging the battery. You the the hours. to hours of or to hours of The which the battery. You hear warning sound there then To the the the without the battery. the least the the becomes too should the battery. Please or information. Warning as specified and The and therefore environmentally- than other rechargeable should of properly.
ATTACHING AND REMOVING THE CLIP The which to the to clothes. the the below. To wear and tear, that the from the too BV Not Attaching the Removing the
and TELEPHONING Networks BV Not To the The displayed. Correct the CLR UP DOWN right). the correct, YES and Press NO to the and that the to which This COLP (Connected Presentation) and Restricting from information. the Press YES to the Press NO to the the Press NO to the Press YES to the ISDN This that of incoming the displayed. If the included the instead. using the and numbers. You this phone There to the phone as below. To and to the phone Calling The option search and the phone and
Calling Select Find&Call and YES Press the which the first of the searching Press once the first of that the and three the third of the To the search, the of the >PhoneBook >Find&Call Correct the CLR DOWN UP right) and YES to confirm. The first the phone with the or, it with the displayed. BV Not If the right and YES to the You search telephone without using the To Press the which the first of the and the the shows the first the phone with the the pressed. the of that the without holding the third the and The shows the first the with the chosen or, the the the and incorrect flashes. You another to You as or the right and YES to the to whose Press and the first the with J appears. Press three the O. The first the with appears. You the N and or the Press YES to the Jones The To of the numbers: Press and YES and the or appears. The there or If the appears the phone the shown instead. the right or Press YES to or INT internal If CLR instead of YES or INT internal the and
You the the Information option This option or switch off the To the and Returning Unanswered with the who ory. The info shows there the function, easily to these numbers. The who memory to numbers. BV Not Who Called You the who memory the Information option WhoCalled This option or To of the received: Select WhoCalled and YES of appears. If the appears the the shown instead. New with that with the with the >Information >WhoCalled the right or Press INT to internal and YES to The from the who memory and the memory. If CLR instead of INT or YES the switch off the who You the who the and with This allows to the services when the or The with this or which country. Turning off the microphone to to without the hearing. To switch the microphone off: Press CLR ready to to the Short and the off that the microphone off. and
Press CLR Short and the off that the microphone off. To switch the microphone CLR Turning off the and sound If or warning sounds off the sound. To off the sound temporarily: Press NO when the The off appears. Networks BV Not The there, the muted. The light and flashing. Press YES to the To the and warning sound off or Press CLR while The off appears when the and warning sound switched off. If hear warning and CLR only the sound turned off. The light to flash. You off the permanently the to its lowest PHONE BOOK About the and You to the phone the PhoneBook option. numbers. there things that might to know. While phone UP to the to the or DOWN to it to the right. You to the or right UP or DOWN respectively second. If to CLR or, to clear the CLR second. These the when to to the If second. the the to the Press once the first of the the three the third and To characters or to the to to four and to once. the below and
To the first and then To to the and then To If to the currently shown, the with the CLR and then the Press the this the character C Networks BV Not the selected the character when selected, characters characters. and You the option to and the To to the phone Select and YES and YES to confirm. the telephone and YES to >PhoneBook and The to the To from the Select: >PhoneBook to of the and YES to and YES through the of the to and YES the and YES to and YES to and the option to the and the phone You or to existing telephone and
To phone entry: Select and YES the first of the searching and YES If to the YES Correct the the necessary, YES to confirm. >PhoneBook >Find&Edit If necessary the the YES to BV Not and You and associated from the To and from the Select and YES the first of the searching and YES If to the YES to >PhoneBook ADVANCED TELEPHONING and internal To internal the internal telephone and INT Press NO to the To internal Press YES to the Press NO to the or internal the which contacted. the below overview. or there internal and You the of the and yourself. This to the of own information, please tones and Searching or people The phone search and user the station. You other To the search function: Press the and INT connected to the You to the first that the and
If search from another the station, appears. Press YES to the The first to connected. from the station. You search or from the the PAGE To the the PAGE the or YES and then NO If this function when and another Networks BV Not the following options: Press the to switch to the other The first You the to switch back and forth the Waiting Press the YES to switch to the other The first terminated. To the function: this to the function or off. >BaseStation >Access >CallWaiting or with another The allows to to another It to with another the or switching back to the to another You and to it to another Press INT to the You hear the the internal of the to If hear the to If hear the of or otherwise to the first INT You four the answered. You switch back and forth INT If the answered, to the INT the using NO the as three-party back. The back when to another without and the third within seconds. and
You when back the tion. information, please tones and party. You and to with another party: Press the to the You hear the the the party. If hear the to If hear to the first the Networks BV Not You three the answered. You switch back and forth pressing the If the answered, to the the the as three-party three-party You three-party with or with and internal party. three-party known as another You and to internal party. Press INT to the You hear the the internal If hear the to If hear to the first the INT Press to party. You and to another party. Press the to the You hear the the If the free, hear to If the or hear the to the pressing Press to To three-party with the ISDN telephone other while the active. and
using than If than with the telephone or to the phone the telephone its This easy, to and business then to the when received. BV Not Calling There of each its telephone Subscriber (MSN) the when the You the telephone and the internal information. the to tones The tones the too interactive information services. If temporarily the of the tones. If the to tones, the tones the of as the To switch the to tones Select and YES The switches to tones the of the To switch the back to tones Select DTMFShort and YES The switches to tones >DTMFShort PERSONALISING THE HANDSET You the of Press CLR The to the to the the DOWN and YES Press the UP and YES to confirm. the UP or DOWN to to the of choice and YES You the the and
tones and You the tone each type to sound or the RingType option. each type, choose from four tones or >RingType Discreet the the lowest It then and >DiscreetRng You hear each This switched and off. Networks BV Not >KeySound light which lights when pressed, when or when or of the station. The off when while. >Light You the of the to to read. Clearing You clear the The however, to their PERSONALISING THE BASE STATION (PIN If connected to the station, the tions using the You to the PIN to these the PIN To others the of the station, should this You to this the PIN PIN: Subscriber (MSN) With to Each of these telephone numbers, numbers, or MSNs, assigned to or other such as or to allows to instance business and rated. You to assign the MSN to of >BaseStation >PhoneNumber assigning the information. Presenting the to the You the internal of to the to as of the to the SUB to this or off. This >SUB and
Restricting telephone from phone telephone normally to the calling. With the CLIR (Calling Restriction) option this information from >BaseStation >CLIR With the COLR (Connected Restriction) option phone when the >COLR The when received. You the the BV Not >BaseStation The that the the which the the the which the You the following One only >BaseStation >Priority first then first then then the as telephone (MSN) to to the to or One this with the telephone The to assigned telephone the You the of which the to The reachable phone when of of the station. routed to If of of routed to GSM or instance. If this the If the telephone service to telephone as the located the service to the or information the service. If telephone activated, the the phone located the To to MSN Subscriber (MSN) and
information) to assigned to that option PriorityNo to as as phone and the telephone Select PriorityNo and YES the PIN the and YES Select AssignNo and YES to displayed, phone already its internal instead. >BaseStation >PriorityNo >AssignNo Networks BV Not the of the to as phone and YES to or known displayed. the the telephone to to and YES to Deactivating the Follow the the then YES to The deactivated or This function recommended that the otherwise specified. Clearing You clear the The PIN and the however, cleared. to PIN CODES AND BLOCKING HANDSET KEYS If the might the and To this, them The and displayed. If the and the the without first the Protecting the You the that the PIN switching This off the PIN of PIN and other >PhoneLock You or the PIN The initially with PIN You should this PIN to PIN to and
You write the PIN the PIN the PIN If incorrect PIN three Press YES You the IPEI Showing the IPEI to the If the locked, without first the PIN BV Not Showing the IPEI You the International Identity (IPEI) of to the PIN when the The IPEI which assigned to the hand- The IPEI found the or the and should written the the IPEI >Information cant IPEI the PIN the PIN to unauthorized Each to these the PIN You switch off this security the PIN with the PIN of PIN and other below. >BaseStation You write the PIN the tion PIN below. the PIN If incorrect PIN three the PIN Although and the stations the PARI the PIN to the of PIN and other The and security The below of these PIN IPEI PIN PARI International identity assigned to Identity (IPEI) the the Access Rights identity assigned to Identity (PARI) the the back of the station. and Not Not
PIN PIN BV Not IPEI and
BABY MONITOR Networks BV Not You as This to the sounds The as the to another this activated. The the and the the the NO which to the BabyPhone If the interrupted, the displays BabyCallLost and the light continuously. If this YES to the You NO to the If the established, the other hears seconds. If the the the sound heard the to that the activation the as somewhere the where sounds easily >BabyPhone Destination Select SetPhoneNo and the internal of the to the >SetPhoneNo Information tone If the switched the hears information tone every seconds to that the phone active. You switch off the information tone >InfoTone DIRECT CALL You the that This that pressed, child, the phone immediately
Switching To Select DirectCall and YES Direct displayed. >DirectCall Press YES to DirectC.No: displayed. If already this shown the the with the YES to BV Not Direct switches off the information about lock, Blocking If Direct and the displayed. To the You without first switch- off Switching off If to switch off the to too the otherwise the >DirectCall COST MANAGER The with which to the amount of or money the exceeded, the the and to numbers If its tone heard and appears the when attempted. type or money the type >BaseStation >CallInfo You or, the exceeded, If the Charge of The of the the of the information. >BaseStation >Access You easily the of The amount which that the and with >Information You from from those the station. CalledNumber Barred If the
telephone numbers, such as numbers, You telephone It spective of the of the and station. Please or information. Switching or off. Each than should or off separately. off >BaseStation >Access >Barring Barred numbers. You three of to You instance the chat and other services, or the numbers. with this then BV Not >BarredNo numbers. You numbers, numbers, from and the station. This that these numbers, such as the already and edited or Least routing If to telephone the to another the with this easily the without to numbers. >BaseStation >Routing The least routing function the of with to the other instance, the telephone with to the other You four of and stituted of You this off first and then the statistics was. >Information the of that statistics the of >BaseStation >Information The the the of >TotCosts VOICE MAIL NOTIFICATION they reach services normally of You the that features
You flashing the You then the service of the option. Checking the the flashes, selecting option the of and YES Switching and off switched or off. switch the service to or about the service. BV Not >BaseStation If service the cleared as as CONNECTING HANDSETS TO BASE STATIONS stations to station, to that station. You to to once. subscribed, and whenever within of that station. selected or manually. While to station, the internal telephone which another If with station, this shown the If the and If the shown, this You of that the and that within You within to to station. Switching to station selection this Selecting another station Network There to the selected station. The to the to the tion Access There with that or the You the to the below). to to stations. The of these stations of selection, the to to the with the highest priority; first To the priority, Selection priority features
It to the manually to the station. It to theDT200 to other than the and to to the tion. The three of below. Subscribing DT200 to the station. To the PIN This PIN and other from to the without If the the when switched this the Press first and then AC: appears. If and three of the below. Networks BV Not If selected then the text displayed English. The text when the the first To DT200 to the station: Press the PAGE the top right of the least seconds. The Select and YES AC: or PIN: displayed. If PIN: displayed, the PIN the of PIN and other AC: displayed. AC: the PIN the the PIN Press YES to displayed. Ready displayed The connected to the station. You its phone the right-hand of the If the following displayed, to Subscription the PIN incor- rect, or the already To to the of another the station below At this to the of the to station. To to other than the Select and YES AC: displayed. the authentication or the PIN of the station. Each that shown as security reasons. AC:
Press YES to confirm. Press and then appears. that the ready to as indicated the the phone to PAGE least three seconds. Ready displayed The connected to the station. You its internal the right-hand of the BV Not If the following to the PIN or authentication incorrect, or the another another type to the station. functions when with DT200 hand- If with another type of there functions that Please to the another type of to the station. To initiate to the PAGE the least three seconds. The light the top of the then The the about If required, from the >Networks the You from the that to to the station. >BaseStation Selecting another The to stations. It when of or switched You the to to. >Networks >SelectNet Selection priority. The when of or switched this searches the stations the of with the first the If to the of the with this option. >Priority the You each entry. The shown the when the connected to that and >Networks The characters. Please to About the phone features
Reference SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS BV the or It interference. The applications. the where there of electrically to sunlight, heat and the to the from heat and Battery Defective to and and The operation of and information and the of or battery, the to or TROUBLESHOOTING These to should with the phone yourself. from the the the to to The to Can This to the and used. the sound when to station? To the authentication (PIN) of the tion. There of to Reference
What should the as as Direct interactive service to What The tones the too this interactive tones the to tones What should hear when the and the light the flashing? The properly connected to the telephone the telephone to the and that the that with the used. Networks BV Not the the incorrect selected. To this: Press CLR The to the Press the DOWN then YES Press the UP and YES to confirm. the UP or DOWN to to the of choice from the and YES incorrect PIN three How PIN If incorrect PIN three the invalidated. To the PIN the PIN and the PIN switch the NO least seconds, or switches off the the station. If the the the the to charge the battery. If the off the or the properly connected or replacing. Battery the the the charging light that the properly the and the tion If the completely the the to charge the battery. The charging light know that hear the If the off that the of the to or the switched off temporarily. If the switched off temporarily, back when increasing the of the Reference
The cant the The the as assigned to of the therefore forwarding the to This that this assigned to another instance If to this off the of the and the phone displayed instead of the the What The the from the the phone or the You and to the to the or and numbers to the to what displayed. Networks BV Not the What the first three the the tion. It that the numbers. or exceeded. further and type The light the flashing quickly. There with the the and the the hear tone and the What The connected to the station. The of Bring the back within of the station. It that the or that the tion It that other than the which to selected. stations and DT200 to the station hear tone and the flashing. What The the the to charge the battery. The light the What Nothing The or the active. Reference
The What The telephone and each others This the If this the them the What To with, the the empty. To the to and numbers. and Networks BV Not BUTTONS, KEYS, ICONS AND SIGNALS and On the of the front cover of this of the and station. The below the and the and used. Function VOLUME UP and VOLUME DOWN or YES Confirm option. If while the microphone off. CLR While text or or whole If the sound. While and warning sound permanently. option, If second: switch NO If while switch off. If the sound. option. UP and DOWN (arrow through options or While text or character to or internal INT another To and to switch to of and while If second: tone while phone Reference
station. Function Pressed or search PAGE Pressed and of appear the The below what the Networks BV Not On: when the connected to tion. reception and off On: muted or microphone off. On: locked. On: off Flashes: or Flashes quickly: the Info On: the Battery On: charged; the Flashes: empty. Flashes the successively; the The steady the The and the and as below. warning light Incoming Battery empty. of or connected. interrupted. Reference
The tones and clicks. Sound Incoming seconds: empty. of or connected. BV Not You hear this each (when selected). Warning tone You which function. station. light On: charging battery. top light On: or active. Flashes: incoming Flashes quickly: to The MENUS and the The chart below of the options to those The when the UP or DOWN Reference
>PhoneBook Networks BV Not >BaseStation >Networks >Information Please that options or only when The where the item Find&Call find&Edit SetPhoneNo Infotone BabyPhone PhoneLock DirectCall RingType KeySound DiscreetRing Light Barring BarredNo CallWaiting Routing PriorityPhone Information CallInfo SelectNet Priority AssignNo TotDuration TotCost WhoCalled On CallBack Click On On/Off Priority PhoneNumber CLIR COLR SUB Reference
MAINTENANCE The and serviceable If or service should them to the or from where they bought. Warranty below. Cleaning Clean the with cloth with only. The of and other cleaning products and the BV Not and only and The of and or information. Additional DT200 and the station. Wall mount station. ISDN telephone station. Battery cover English WARRANTY Thank purchasing this Product. To of the of that follow the instructions the terms and of Warranty. You warranty Should Product warranty service, should to the from whom purchased or to further information. warranty warrants this Product to free from and the of its purchase and of the Product covered warranty of from the of its purchase What If, the warranty this Product to and service to or workmanship, authorised or authorised service its option, Reference
or the Product with the and Conditions The warranty the issued to the chaser the specifying the of purchase and with the to repaired or replaced. the right to refuse warranty service this information or the purchase of the from the Networks BV Not If repairs or the Product, the repaired or warranted the of the warranty or from the of whichever or functionally or become the property of Ericsson. This warranty cover of the Product to wear and tear, including to other than the and customary with instructions and of the Product, or acts of and from This warranty cover to installations, or service non-Ericsson authorised service workshop or of the non-Ericsson authorised The warranty which caused of non-Ericsson with of the the products the warranty. THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OTHER THAN THIS PRINTED LIMITED WARRANTY. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITH- OUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTA- BILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ERICSSON BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS OR COMMER- CIAL LOSS. TO THE FULL EXTENT THOSE DAMAGES CAN BE DISCLAIMED BY LAW. countries allow the or of or or of the of warranties, the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from country to country. Reference