MD110 Communication Graphic the graphic directly the about the text flow. Select Graphics and the following Width: Top: This text should then DT292
DT292 EN/LZT R1A AB
Table of Switching On/Off Seating (optional) Incoming Information (optional) Other Troubleshooting DT292 Table of
DT292 to the user the DT292 the MD110 It state-of-the-art business Its of features and effectively of organization. There of telephones easy every to of these advanced and of to functions and numbers, section this using the The the of the DT292 as from the factory. There the Please further information. The of this user from: If would to the of the the Training On Telephones, Usertool/index.htm To practising, the option eLearning, and then type of
DT292 Copyright rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written of the publisher with the following If this its to downloading and of the this and redistribution. of this to or from of or publication. Warranty ERICSSON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS MATERIAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or with the furnishing, performance or of this Declaration of Conformity AB, SE-131 that this telephone conformity with the and other of the R&TTE 1999/5/EC. to found
DT292 This section information that to know to the DT292 phone and its This the MD110 functions together with the commonly phone-specific phone-specific functions the section using the DT292 the first to and the battery, section the DT292 the charger and least hours the first
Select. Press. displayed. the PIN and Either or PIN displayed. the that match the PIN the four of the PIN and RepeatNewPIN displayed. the PIN and Either New PIN or New PIN displayed. DT292 PIN initially with PIN You should this PIN to PIN to To the PIN PhoneLock the PIN If incorrectly PIN three this option. other incorrect PIN three and PIN Blocked, Unblock? displayed. section IPEI to
Information Select and PIN displayed. the PIN and The IPEI displayed. Press to this Unblock the DT292 Press. displayed. the IPEI and displayed. the four of the PIN and RepeatNewPIN displayed. the PIN and New PIN or New PIN displayed. the the PIN and the match. If New PIN appears, the DT292 IPEI If because incorrect PIN three with the IPEI (International Identity). the IPEI PIN The IPEI which assigned to The IPEI found the If phone PIN Blocked, appears. The To the IPEI the IPEI If the IPEI please the IPEI to of
DT292 these and to phone and properly. The user serviceable If phone service should to the or from whom bought. Intrinsic The DT292 specified as intrinsically with of Treatment sunlight or to other heat Protect from and the phone from the phone from Battery the or throw fire. the charger Charge the least hour the first the battery. Cleaning Clean the phone only with cloth. or other cleaning or the
DT292 and The If with positioning or You the that covered the this with the telephone The and displayed. of coverage the coverage there and indication. the coverage of the the
DT292 option) The option should service this option from the DECT/GAP and further of the phone service technician.
DT292 Work
DT292 section section Clear (C) Backspace when option. Microphone, and warning on/off, sections and through or through the choices. when section Battery section Text tone Upper/lower text section Microphone Warning light cover Please The phone around the Work the network and section information On/Off Switch on/off, back. option. through right
DT292 sections Incoming and off or the section Accessory section (rear function. sections Incoming and The phone and as below. warning light Incoming Battery phone of or The phone and warning tones, and clicks. Sound Incoming seconds: phone of or connected You hear this each (when selected). section Sound Warning tone You which function.
tone tone tone or tone tone Congestion tone tone tone Intrusion tone Conference tone seconds (to tone Warning DT292 Tones The following tones from the to characteristics The tones shown this section the tones tone or
DT292 information The feedback actions that and The text characters each showing that access, and that or ID The icons. The DT292 The following the of the and of information shown. Normal: Work Work the of and to something first To To the right of the and of the Follow-me activated: The shows to
DT292 Normal outgoing outgoing both the and the or displayed: Calling the answered: If the the information shown. the shows the (Smith) to (Brown): the answered, the of the displayed: Calling SMITH BROWN SMITH
DT292 Incoming Normal incoming If the or the of the displayed. The incoming SMITH the the to the right of the front of the or the that the to the shows that (Smith) the to >SMITH the the shows only the the text Shows the that the YES displayed or that the phone to another too There to the the Three displayed: Incoming Missed
DT292 On when to the The reception reception. off muted or microphone off. locked. On when phone off-hook and flashes received. info New the MissedCalls Battery The while the charging and when charging Indicates the amount of and sounds when there than the battery. Additional features which connected to, features the and features.
The phone-specific functions and functions or the DT292 Press to the when or to the off-hook below). when PhoneBook Find&Call AddCallList LM within selection. to to to when off-hook Find&Call GoToDTMF DevServices DT292 RingType CallBack KeySound DiscreetRng On PhoneLock Mess.KeyNo Light Notes: to MD110. Navigation Confirm Right/Down Networks Information SelectNet Priority MissedCalls DevServices
Press the lights If the phone switch or the flashing, the Charge the battery. While charging switch off Press the switched off. DT292 Switching On/Off Switch If the off and the or Switch off Switching On/Off
Seating (optional) To the authorization and and the to flashing. Press to the The shows phone To off and the to flashing. Press to the DT292 Seating (optional) The Seating function who office telephone of their own. office the office, free seating user and from the office, to free telephone that temporarily assigned with and authorities.
If the the the associated shown instead. Press to If the the as the section DT292 Incoming and the warning light flashes quickly. The type whether the internal, or callback and the incoming The received/dialed/missed phone the section or Incoming
Incoming If the or warning sounds temporarily the sound: Press to off the the The off appears. If to the when the Press to the The disconnected. Press to the You connected to the the and the microphone. the Press. The of the shown. DT292 sound or warning sound with the sound off, the The warning light and If the the as the To off the sound permanently, section If to the the NO The rejected and there the the
You to phone another the and Press. DT292 On another The numbers, and the the section Incoming
You the section the phone and The shown the phone off and the The the DT292 The of the following: preceded the or access. Notes: Correct the C/MUTE If to the while the the NO to the The indicated with If the the international You the or to the sections and If tone when the or to (optional function Least Routing the Once becomes free If tone heard, the selected
If to off-hook: Press and and the tone. activates the the and While tone or the Press to switch the to You connected to the the and microphone. the Press. The of the displayed. DT292 The numbers, and the the section
The the the to repeated the to and the of and the the shows Anonymous To the and the or to and the and DT292 If and to displayed to the calling, the following Notes: This function might
initiate the the irrespective of whether the or Press to the The the Select. Press. The of the hours, and seconds. Press to this Select. Press. The of displayed hours, and seconds. Press to this or Press to the from the DT292 and Statistics phone the of and the of To the Information To the outgoing Information
Press to the You back when the finished or the finished. You to within seconds, otherwise the Callback service While the Callback, and as Press when back. The the If when the YES the Press. and Press to the becomes free back You to within seconds otherwise the Callback service While the Callback, and as Press when back. The the DT292 tone If and or or of the following Callback If or there Press. and Callbacks activated the Callback activated
Callback and the To Callback the or to instead of the Press. the to flashing. Press to the Callbacks and the to flashing. Press to the DT292 Waiting If to or Waiting Press. and off the or the becomes free, automatically. The Waiting function might If Waiting allowed to
If this function allowed from activated Diversion, activated Follow-me or activated information the Press and DT292 You Press. and the Intrusion executed, tone to the the three established and warning tone heard. The warning tone might The Intrusion function might If Intrusion allowed, to
numbers, The of and the the Please to telephone directory. Press to the Press the with the of the shown. Press the once the or to the the found: Press to Press to the DT292 You the and sections and Common Call-By-Name To to the
and the Press and pressed. shown the Press shortly. shown the Press. shown the Press to Mess.KeyNo the Press. DT292 To or function the You that often or function or function If the function to directly If to the Waiting function the to the to
To authorization and the or to and the To authorization and Press to the To authorization and Press to the DT292 Authority Authorization (optional) If assigned to authorization to phone within the to the authority connected to this You the only or the and when the
To authorization and Press to the To with authority when phone locked: authorization and the or to and the To authorization and tone. Press to the DT292 Authorization (optional) If assigned to authorization to assigned to to authority when of the office. You temporarily other within the to the authority as The from
To authority to another authorization and and the or to and the To authorization authorization and authorization and Press to the DT292
Access the and of the Access PhoneBook or the arrow to the option. DT292 phone with where to and numbers). You and the the PhoneBook option. The alphabetical You freely and to the Notes: It to to the DT292. of of characters. that the that to the
or PhoneBook Find&Call Select Find&Call and or displayed. Press the which the first of the to write section Press to confirm. The first with that displayed. the and The DT292 You search and the the to the section
Select. Press. or displayed. the to first to write section Press to displayed. the Press to Press to The and the DT292 or You the option to and the the PhoneBook
Select. Press. displayed. the first of the and The first with that displayed. the Press once to Press the YES to Correct the or Press to DT292 or With the option, the and the the PhoneBook Press the YES only once
Select. Press. displayed. the first of the and The first with that displayed. the Press to the and The and from the Select. Press. appears. Press to confirm. and from the DT292 or You and associated from the the PhoneBook Find&Edit and PhoneBook
AddCallList Select. Press. of displayed. If appears, to first or through the of the to Press. displayed. Press. displayed. The to displayed. the necessary. Press to The and the DT292 from the to and the of You the AddCallList option to these to the option AddCallList appears or the PhoneBook AddCallList
Select. Press. The to text automatically. (to write SMITH): Press S. Press M. Press I. Press T. Press H. Press to and the While or the following and Press to to the of the text Press to right. Pressing than tone Press to Press to entry. The character to the of the DT292 text The characters that written each the to write The following to write text when the to the of the text Press to switch and
of to the C S Press to and the DT292 characters the to and characters. Press once the first or character, the second, three the third, The each the the and characters shown the following the selected other characters might which that the character from the characters: To (four
Press to who and the or Press to the DT292 The numbers, and the the The the with the following Incoming Missed Notes: that that The displayed, or there the info displayed and the shows: Who Called?
To Press shortly. The including numbers, and appears. the displayed with the of the The phone there or or the right or Press to the selected the the Press shortly. or The appears. the right or Press to the selected DT292 If the C/MUTE instead of the YES the from If the C/MUTE instead of the YES the You the the Information You permanently the from to section from the
To the microphone Press. The hear the room.The off that the microphone off. Press to the microphone This function when to the while free other (handsfree). You switch to (and back to Press to switch or off. to the the and microphone. DT292 microphone It to this instead of to directly or
You and to to internal or party. Press and the third party. The first the third switch the back), the Conference or of the To the Press. Press and the to seconds, locally). Press to to the first or PhoneBook Find&Call Select Find&Call and displayed. the first of the and press. the and press. The first the other switch the back), the Conference or of the Press to the The third disconnected. Press to to the first DT292 back Press to back to the other party. The to the other connected. the If know the heart, to third the
You and to the to another Press. the third party. You the or the or the to the Press or The You and to establish telephone You become the Press. the third party. Press to establish the to the to the DT292 If than the that If the or allowed, phone Conference With this include to the the initiating the the tone heard every seconds. The tone might
You temporarily the or another. Press. Press. To the Press within seconds. If within seconds back. re-routed to the another seconds. Press. To another the where the and Press. DT292 On
If hear the Waiting tone another trying to Press. The and to announce the Press to Press to the the to the first party. To terminate the and the Press to the The Press to the Press and the as DTMF DT292 Waiting The Waiting function might connected interactive teleservices, telephone to Tone (DTMF) If already to DTMF to the function the and the
and the Press. the to Press to the DT292 Follow-me to to of choice (within the Follow-me the shows On the the shown. tone heard. Follow-me, phone outgoing U.K.
and the to flashing. Press to the the or to and the Press. the to flashing. Press to the DT292 U.K. Follow-me If Follow-me allowed, to to of choice. Follow-me, the shows tone heard. Follow-me, phone outgoing
Press. the to flashing. Press to the DT292 With this function, reached office another of the office, or the functionality of office search or choose search (optional). search to the the office, home, Both internal or At the search or section To and search the function activated, incoming to or to services the choose. If the the to another the or You the function from office or when of the office using the Direct Access function (DISA).
To or to another from office phone Press the search Press. the to Press to the To from office phone Press. the to flashing. Press to the DT292 another included the activated or to inform about If included the activated with information.
pound and or The phone of type with tone (DTMF). the DISA function office. the authorization and and tone. and Press the search Press and the DT292 To or to another from another included the activated or to inform about absence. If included the activated with information.
pound and or phone The of type with tone (DTMF). the DISA function office. the authorization and and own and the DT292 To from To and search The search or to the or and to If connected to instructions the
DT292 when search than seconds Usually the If the the to and each You might to seconds to and or phone and seconds There the of every or operator/secretary). If might what should while The options Follow-me to Follow-me to the If or other service as early might the searching. Disconnect the service, or the they the searching. If the with If numbers, there that the called. If the to as as each Profile office At reachable
Profile office Profile At DT292 to search Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Cordless, Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds)
Profile Profile Profile Profile Profile DT292 search Telephone Account: Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Cordless, Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds)
Information (optional) and the The the Press and the (MMDD) or (HHMM) of return. If or this Press. the to flashing. Press to the DT292 Information (optional) The information to inform why and when If authorized, information another from tone heard. information, outgoing TRIP
the to flashing. Press to the The information another the and the Press and the (MMDD) or (HHMM) of the other If or this Press. the to flashing. Press to the The the other shows the reason, and or of return. another the and If the tone received, the authorization the NO the other required. the and Press to the DT292 the to flashing. Information (optional)
MMW Press. initiated to the that the MMW. MMW to another and the Press. the to flashing. Press to the The to the MMW to another and the Press. the to flashing. Press to the DT292 Waiting (MMW) If the initiate that this function allowed). If there hear
The flashing the The tone sounds when received. Press to If to security security DT292 (optional) This integrated function allows to to the when to when of the office, Then the back office and to the You choose to incoming to or when there or when hear recorded instructions to recording, and and to security To and section (function the to the as the To when there It to or function the If this the function to directly If to the Waiting function the to the to section or function the
to to security or the to the and If to security security To the to the and If to security Press. the Normally the office of the other If to security the security of the other DT292 To
DT292 To the Recorded information the informs about the of and If too first to Recorded instructions to to to or The following of the and the to used.
group, to and to and to DT292 People their the to Notes: One as to another group. to the when there to own group. and Common and
To the temporarily and Press. the to flashing. Press to the To the and Press to the DT292 internal directory of to the indicated free the group. the temporarily, incoming U.K. U.K. the to flashing.
Other This function to charge to account or to unauthorised from The account to the account and press. the or to and the the Press to the account and Press to the that DT292 Other Account (optional) Norway and the Account function to charge to to account Norway and
DT292 Night Service the Night Service incoming to the to selected or of The with three Night Service Common Night Service incoming to the to the the Night Service Selected to the to the the Universal Night Service incoming to the to the the as section Common as to Intrusion the to connected the Other
Other Press. The acknowledges with tones whether the tracing or rejected. DT292 Emergency the of the the Emergency which to If assigned with this and try to tone. Tracing If bothersome or incoming from the You or The of
With authorization the DISA function office. tone. the authorization and the With authorization the DISA function office. the authorization and and the DT292 Direct Access, DISA (optional) If assigned to this function and externally, office and to to business The business office or account You the to the office. pound and or The phone of type with tone (DTMF). completed DISA DISA There the type of authorization or when account used. Other
Other and the to flashing. Press to the DT292 Not Switch off The tone indicating that If to switch off the Press the C/MUTE the off shown the Press the C/MUTE to switch the Deactivation The following Callback Callbacks and Follow-me. Waiting/Message Diversion. Not
or Press to the If the Press. You hear the Press. or and You hear the tone becoming or Press to the DT292 This section to and to of incoming to the to the and to DT292 to You the the or the and the of the the to the section the location of To the of the the To the microphone or off section microphone
or Press to the If the Press. or You hear the and You hear the tone becoming or If the or hear Press to the Select. Press. or displayed. Press to the or If the to its lowest sound permanently off), the off appears. Press to confirm. To off the sound permanently Press when the Press. The off appears. DT292 If the sound permanently off and the to OnIfSilent the when the phone section
To turn the sound Press shortly. The off RingType Internal/External/ or CallBack/Message the type: CallBack or Press. or The and played. Select sound High or The selected sound played. The options High and to the pitch of the Press to The below the of the DT292 tones or You the tone each type to sound or each type, choose from four tones or To the sound type The Black Bear J.S. J.S. BWV Flight of the
Select. Press. or The displayed. Select of the following options: On to Discreet Discreet Press to confirm. Select. Press. or The displayed. of the following options: On OnIfSilent when the permanently off. section Press to confirm. DT292 Discreet the the lowest It then and DiscreetRng If to the of to the indication, or the
Select. Press. or The displayed. Select the Press to confirm. To the temporarily or Press. Unlock displayed. Press to switch off the The the DT292 If the phone might the and To this, them the option. To or locking the function, seconds. If the expired, the and displayed. the If the Press to displayed. Press to If the and the as without switching off. the the
Select. Press. PIN displayed. the PIN and or The displayed. Select of the following options: to protection. to protection. Press to confirm. Select. Press. PIN displayed. the PIN and or The displayed. Select of the following On to protection. to protection. Press to confirm. DT292 You phone unauthorised or or telephone Both security features off section PIN unauthorised You the phone that the PIN switching PhoneLock or You the phone that the PIN when or telephone PhoneLock
KeySound Select. Press. or The displayed. Select of the following On to Sound with each Sound. Press to Light Select. Press. or The displayed. Select of the following options: to of the when pressed. of the Press to DT292 Sound the sound hear each This and KeySound light phone which when pressed. The off while, Light
Select. Press. or The appears. the You hear when reached. Press to confirm. DT292 You the of the to of to to read.
Select. Press. and to hour Press to the the reached with Select. Press. The Press to the DT292 The to with within the hours. This function that and To If to the the reached
or Press to the or Option PhoneBook displayed. to and or to and press. or The displayed. through the of the Press to choice. The You the following Press least seconds. The appears. Select the of choice from the and press. DT292 The English. To another the option. Please that the options English choice.
Select. Press. or displayed. If PIN the and section PIN displayed. Press to DT292 to DT292 the DT292 You the DT292 The and the information cleared. The the PIN the and the information, however, cleared.
DT292 that the If please or The phone Battery Assembly It to of the IPEI The IPEI the incorrect PIN three section IPEI further
DT292 the the first follow the below to the the to the back as shown the below. the slightly. The of the the of the to the as shown the below.
DT292 the to the and to the as shown the below. Notes: the DT292 the and charge least hours using it the first the to the the the charger that with the the phone to the without battery. the the charger to the battery. Complete charging or the The light of the charger turned off when charging completed. information about charging the battery, section Battery
DT292 Battery The rechargeable battery. You charge the phone the hours. to hours or to hours The and shortened the hands-free function The which the the battery. The phone battery. It recharged To the or the the charger without Reading the the charged, the the phone consists of four The of as the If the empty, the and the light the flash. sounds there than the battery. Battery performance The below the performance: Charge (hours) High battery:
DT292 Charging the the phone the charger as shown the below. The when the LED (Light the charger (and the the flashes). If the completely the LED the the the LED flashing and when the charged, charging (LED lights every seconds) and the ready. Notes: the DT292 the charger and charge least hours the first the to the the the charger that with the the phone to the charger without battery.
DT292 the Rechargeable If the the becomes too should the battery. Please or information. the specified V). The and therefore than other rechargeable batteries. should treated as The to the to clothes. To the to the phone section instructions. To the from the phone To wear and tear, that the from the too the from the back of the as shown the below.
Troubleshooting DT292 Troubleshooting This section information to and through the following If this the If others there Action or Battery or Charge phone off or of coverage off or coverage or Battery Battery Charge flashes Battery Charging connected every Battery Charge seconds every of coverage or connected coverage or or Empty the or Already the charger or or
DT292 Action or AC match AC or another IPEI PIN IPEI, or AC PIN or AC to selected or of XXX (where XXX=IPEI, PIN or AC) Select another back within or PIN Blocked, Unblock? PIN three Troubleshooting to section IPEI
AC Authentication =authentication DECT Enhanced Telephony. DTMF Tone or Switch. telephone switching MD110 Communication GAP Access telephone IPEI International Identity, identity assigned to the Least Routing function that selects the cheapest to the shortest PARK Access Right identity assigned to PIN security. Abbreviated or to Third third which included The or DT292