Communications AB Not DECT/GAP DECT Telephone BS120 Station DT120 Telephone
AB Not switchboard from to and
R/ Clear AB Not C On Battery Battery Battery charged) off lowest or temporarily off function active Not Not Not Warning light On Connected to Flashing Flashing phone off or phone
AB Not of this
AB Not telephone to of It to internal telephone CE to the of the telecommunications 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC and 91/263/EEC. The CE to the 93/68/EEC. With telephone lightweight and telephoning, based the DECT/GAP Therefore, of sound and or About this This sections which related topics Each topic or and to the telephone without to through the each You each section and topic the of
AB Not the to the the station. with and Telephone memory the that with the the to the the station. the to the telephone Telephone that the If anything please The should the To the follow the below. The telephone then ready whether the to the the Whats the the
the the phone ready information about charging to the topic following. Communications AB Not the to the station. the first. The routed through the the of the the insulation from the the of the the the least hours to charge the initially. To of the operating centrally. the the If the light the flashing, there something with the telephone You phone the that covered the or other with this with the and the the flashing. The warning light and fast, warning heard.
Reading the the the the consists of four The of as the If the the and the light the phone flash. sounds there than the batteries. Charging the the phone the station, with the upwards. AB Not You the yourself. screwdriver, the screw from the the of the with of type AAA V, with the of the facing upwards. The and therefore to the than other rechargeable should treated as The batteries. They recharged Additionally, they to the than other the life-span. the the phone least If the capacity of the phone becomes too to the The three rechargeable batteries. You charge the the hours. hours of or hours of stand-by The phone displays which shows the the If the light or flashes (and the the flashes), the as the charged, the light and the the flashing.
AB Not and and The operation of and information and Reference. To wear and tear, that the from the phone too Attaching and the to sunlight, heat and the telephone to sunlight the from heat and phone to the phone to clothes, the that Battery Defective to The which to the phone to clothes. the to the the ready the or It interference. the where there of electrically ignited and the instructions
the to the You hear the telephone and, completing the to back. AB Not What to with the While the the station. Press On least to switch the The appears the This the internal of the Check whether the correctly Press The light appears the station. and hear the If the phone and the Press to the Press The of the displayed. to the the telephone and that to the station. Switching the switch Press The of the displayed. to the If and hear the to the to another or
AB Not You operation: Press C least second. The phone to stand-by. Switching off If to or switch the phone off. Press The the to when switch off the and then to switch off the
If the cordless off and called, the the Press On to switch the then to the AB To switch the Press the On second. To switch the off Press then You the phone off Press The of the displayed. to the Telephoning Switching the and off While the switched stand-by the With batteries, the about hours If using the phone to or the the station, or the off. To the To the Press and the the and
AB Not Correct the necessary. To the C To the C and least second. the and Press The of the displayed. to the the phone Press to the To the The of the displayed. the and then and, necessary, the instead of This allows to To the The displayed. Telephoning
If hear the sounds, microphone off. Pressing this once switches off the switches off the microphone. to switch the AB Not Pressing Short that the microphone off. To switch the microphone shortly. To switch the back the and the If the and the the without first the to to without the hearing. You this switching off the microphone the You switch the microphone off by: Pressing Short that the microphone off. ready to to the If the phone might the and To this the of the The To the then the displayed. The Blocking the
AB Not Search/Subscribe the as internal the of the displayed. You the sound of the internal and yourself. This to the information please The search function with which the Press the Search/Subscribe the station, and the phone appears the Press once, to the or the Search/Subscribe If than with the there about telephoning. or If there internal and internal followed phone from the than Telephoning
AB Not Proceed with the Press The of the displayed. to the To internal Press to the Press The of the displayed. to the Press You hear the and then to the the internal of the If the phone or hear the and to the If the phone hear the together with the If internal the of the appears the To internal Press then and the the internal telephone and The telephone allows consulting with third party. You the and another phone the station. You then without the hearing this. Then the You and to with and internal Consulting with another
AB Not Press with the other to the immediately or Press then to the You hear the the internal of the If the or hear the and to the If the hear You three options: the using and the the as three-party and The telephone allows to another party. You the and another phone the station. You then without the hearing this. Then the You and to to another to another Telephoning
AB Not Press the and then to the three the internal of the If the or hear the and to the If the free hear If with the other the with the and the as three-party and three-party connected to the station. You and to third with phone the station: Press then to the You hear the Three-party
If search from another phone displayed, together with the of the You the first to respond. Press to the AB Not Press connected to the then You with the first that the The telephone function with which search and You other using the To the search function: Press the Searching or people Telephoning
AB Not Tips: You the the the C and the This temporary correction and To of the numbers: Press the The displayed. You through the of the the or the to displayed, The phone the and choose another to the Both the and the retained the turned off or the The To the Press and the Press The phone Memory the memory
Press to the The displayed. and then the which Communications AB Not If often people that of the of the memory. You then the of the manually each Press the to assigned to the telephone If already assigned to this displayed. If assigned to this the or below). Press then to the Checking: If already another then and then and You as the to You the or to through the of recently numbers. to the You to telephone the memory. The the memory when the phone switched off. To Press then Tips: To include (to the then On the that the If while the the C or and the the memory Memory
AB Not If the to or the C and the Press to the the to the telephone this permanently. To through the numbers: Press Press The assigned to that displayed. Press the or or the numbers. to through The phone with the memory. You write whose which the and the to the back of the You directly, or through the and selecting To Press and the Press Press the which to the Calling
Press The then AB Not the displayed, and then to Press then To Press then Press the which to the telephone the the C and the Press The and then To of the Press The of the displayed. and then Press the or to through the of the You or To Press then Press the which to the telephone the the C If internal the of the displayed. The the who memory as as called. It whether the or the function, easily to these numbers. The who memory to numbers. To the Press and then and the or Returning Memory
AB Not Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the station. displayed. the PIN four displayed. the PIN the the phone Press the or once, or to turn the or Each the or hear the the If the to its lowest the off displayed. You this while the The You the of the using the the (PIN the to connected to To to the PIN The PIN to To others the of the station, should this You to this the PIN features. You the of the and the station. the
AB Not Press The and then Pressing the or once or The station the selected and the selected displayed the Press The off displayed. You the sound the called. to switch off the The The phone displays the of the station. the by: Pressing from to If the switched off, and the to The the selected To the permanently, the or the station, its to If the phone and to the the to and to what the
AB Not If the or hear warning type The type and then hear the Press You hear the and the or once or You hear the tone become or Press to the the phone of incoming To the type Press You hear the type and then telephone the or to the of the the Press the or once or If the the type the
AB Not consisting of four sound when the or the phone the of the connected to. You temporarily switch this off the hear click. You switch off this sound. To switch off the switch the back and then and then To Switching off or off
Press displayed. then the seconds. the PIN of the station. displayed. This function AB Not The the to the first received the with the they and To the Press The amount of money with which the with each and then If the or the displayed seconds. instance: The hour, and seconds If the station the of the displayed when the You the amount of money with which the with each If received, the hours, and seconds instead. The displayed. which as the the C You to the If the amount and, the amount
the of know. If the tone hear the phone This function AB Not Press The and then to the to tones or tones temporarily. the topics following To switch the phone to tone phone to the The tone or retained off. and then the What You easily whether tone or required. Proceed as follows: the to tone which Press You hear the the PIN the displayed. The tone to the to tone to The tones or when If telephone normally switch to tone required, to teleservice. If the and hear the to the to the as follows: Press displayed. and then the seconds. Tone or
This function AB Not To tone or permanently to the previous topic. To switch the to tones and then To switch off the tones, and or If telephone normally switch to tone required, to teleservice. To switch the phone to tone to the and then the The tones the too interactive information services. If temporarily the of the tones. If the to tones, the tones transmitted as as the pressed. the phone temporarily to tone the to tones
Press The wait-for-dial and then To include telephone and then the The the of the wait-for-dial tone AB Not the You the the C Press The function and then the PIN of the displayed. The displayed. to the of the seconds. Press If the security the four displayed. If the PIN the and then seconds. displayed. If already this shown the You the C If include telephone there that to the You the of the The seconds. You this to from to seconds: Press displayed. then the seconds. You the phone that This that pressed, child, the the and switching the as follows: the wait-for-dial tone
Communications AB Not Press If the security the four displayed. If the PIN the phone and then seconds. Press and then seconds. If the security the four displayed. If the PIN the displayed. Press The function turned off. and then You telephone It irrespective of the of the phone and station. Please information. Switching and off than should or off off If the the displayed. To the Switching the off To switch the off: You with phone those the station. You incoming You switch and off the the phone off If flashes Should the while the
You three of to with the and You the of to instance the of chat and other services, or the international numbers. to with this Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the displayed. AB Not You to telephone numbers, numbers, from the station. This that these Each of the Press displayed. and then the seconds. Press You or off. and then You the or once or to another or Press The and then displayed. The displayed off, to switch or off: to switch off to switch The appears the of the You or previously or Press the or once or to choose another required. the or the the C to the
Communications AB Not the the C to the You the or once or to another Press The from and then Press If the security the phone four displayed. If the PIN the and then seconds. displayed. Press cleared. and then the PIN the displayed. The appears the of the Press the or once or to choose required. You clear the phone The numbers, the numbers, and the who memory cleared. to the Clearing
AB Not the PIN the displayed. Press cleared. and then type The type internal and then hear the You clear the station to the Press displayed. and then seconds. If than phone with the of indicating internal To the type internal Press You hear the internal type. then Clearing Selecting internal type
AB Not Press You hear the back type. and then type The type back. and then hear the Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the displayed. The displayed. If to another without back the station, the third within seconds. You of back the station. To the back type the station: the The that the the which the the the which the should Selecting back type
AB Not Press The and then If the phone that should first switched off the instead. the the The the of phone should Press The of and then of the following only first then first phone then then the of You the of the to Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the displayed.
Authentication (AC): this of the which to to the station. AB Not To the PIN of the station: Press displayed. and then the seconds. There three the security of the telephone (PIN) this the PIN this PIN the phone and/or other the PIN the of using the the within the of the station. The PIN the PIN of the station! If to the PIN The telephone the of DECT Enhanced Telecommunications); this that the the security the PIN To unauthorized people the of the it PIN to the of the the PIN You switch off this security the PIN the station. You the the connected to this station. features security
Communications AB Not the PIN Press If the security the phone four displayed. If the PIN the and then seconds. Two displayed. displayed. the PIN The PIN Press The PIN and then the PIN the of using the the The PIN the PIN of the If to the PIN the PIN the displayed. displayed. the PIN The PIN displayed With the PIN the from unauthorized You the phone or both security features off. You the PIN of the security PIN features
displayed. The displayed off, AB Not Press If the security the phone four displayed. If the PIN the and then seconds. displayed. The displayed off, switching You the that the PIN to switch This option off Press If the security the phone four displayed. If the PIN the phone and then seconds. You that the You the that the PIN to the of the PIN The PIN displayed the PIN The PIN checked. Press The the PIN and then to switch the PIN security or off: Press The security switching and then to switch security off to switch security
AB Not Press If the security four displayed. If the PIN the and then seconds. displayed. The of the IPEI displayed each. Press and then to switch the PIN security or off: Press The security and then to switch security off to switch security The IPEI which assigned to the phone and the warranty of the as The IPEI found the Warranty (IPEI) and this the Reading the IPEI features
You the authentication to its clearing to Clearing AB Press The authentication and then authentication below. this The authentication The PARK the station). To the Search/Subscribe The authentication to that this directly the telephone the authentication displayed. the authentication You the C Press the to Press the C to the the authentication The to authentication that only the the station. This of and that to the station. To to the the authentication as follows: Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the displayed. authentication
Press If the security the four displayed. If the PIN the and then seconds. displayed. AB Not Press displayed. to confirm. the authentication the station. The phone To to the PARK Access Right of the station. The PARK the back of the station. to the PARK the authentication of the station. The authentication and other to the without To phone to station: that the PARK displayed. Press the or to through the of other stations. You own PARK displayed. On the back of the that the PARK of hyphens. You to these hyphens. They displayed. the displayed. The phone that with the already to the station. to to the station. of to each station. One phone to to stations. If the cordless within the of or stations the PARK of of the stations displayed. If the within the of station, displayed.
AB Not displayed. Press The of phone and then Press confirm. On the of the the internal of the If this the within and then to of phone to to station. If to phone the of another. You to station. If the connected to the from both the phone and the station. If the connected to the only from the Press If the the four displayed. If the PIN the phone and then seconds. Press Three displayed. to Press the Search/Subscribe of the least seconds. the assigned to the phone
Press The that phone and then AB stations telephone You the phone with stations connected to telephone that the internal and the PIN the displayed. the of the to stations To to the phone or stations to the telephone The of stations to telephone You to the phone to the stations. The internal the stations. the of another phone You the of other The from the station. Press displayed. and then seconds. stations the coverage stations
To station: Press If the security the phone four displayed. If the PIN the phone and then seconds. AB Not Press If the security the four displayed. If the PIN the phone and then seconds. displayed. To which subscribed. To which and within Selecting selected from within the You to within of that station. Press The selected. and then Selecting You station, which within and from the Connecting to To to the to that and connected to phone to stations, connected to You from of stations the displayed. The PARK of the currently connected displayed. the or through the of stations. Select the
Communications AB Not If there the phone while the If hear the tone while the On to Press The selected. and then Telephoning switchboard switchboard necessary to the tone If the whole to and displayed, to then where the the phone should the To include (to the the location of the then The phone of displayed. If the within the of or stations, the PARK of the first found displayed. the or through the of stations within Select the If the to switchboard its functions the as with telephone. The the of One of this type of function switchboard
the PIN the displayed. This function AB Not Earth with switchboard. the the switchboard as follows: Press displayed. and then the seconds. Press The and then to tone and to and earth If switchboard the to the switchboard when the Switchboards earth or as You of which the switchboard You the to the the switchboard. The displayed tone and earth tone and flash, and earth to the to tone and earth
Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the displayed. AB Not You three switchboard numbers, or If then that with of these switchboard the the the of the switchboard as the switchboard If then from the the To switchboard numbers: Press the or to switchboard the Press The switchboard and then If to using switchboard to the switchboard, then the the of the You the switchboard to the The displayed, together with the first switchboard the switchboard You the with the C switchboard features
other switchboard as follows: Press displayed. and then the seconds. the PIN the displayed. AB Not the switchboards, the of the switchboard this function, three switchboard which somewhere the of If with the the chosen of the numbers. as switchboard and as another switchboard and then the and Press the or to switchboard the Press The switchboard and then other switchboard If the switchboard of of switchboards switchboards. that there than switchboard the The displayed together with the first switchboard the switchboard You the with the C
AB Not the of the to which to the If the hear You the answered. Press to to the to the or the as below. the switchboard. to another as follows: Press the to the You hear the tone of the switchboard.
to station? To the PARK and the authentication of the station. to features. AB Not hearing the tone If and hear the to the station to another Tone or Can This of the and which used. the sounds when What should hear when the The light the flashing. The properly connected to the the telephone the You four displayed. You the PIN the security phone PIN features. These to should with the telephone yourself. from the without the the house the to What should the as as Reference
AB Not The light the flashing. There with the the and the telephone the telephone the the the the charging light the phone properly the station. If the completely the the to charge the batteries, the charging light approximately cant numbers. The flashing the switch the On least seconds. the the station. If the the the phone the least that the If the off charging the phone or the replacing. know that the If the off displayed that the of the to or the switched off. If the switched off, to when Press the or to increase the of the the and the Reference
The light the station. Whats The AB Not It that the phone to the or that the Finally, that another selected than the which to. features. hear tone and the flashing. Whats The the the to charge the batteries. hear warning tone and the Whats The connected to the station. The phone of Bring the back within of the station. The or correctly and from Whats the of the from the and switch the phone off. seconds, the back and the If the
phone and through of numbers. and then another the function of the the of the cover and the call/answer With from memory. With memory. the chosen With With internal on/off. AB Not R/C On/ If second, With switchboard: If second: switch If the telephone off. microphone off. With switch phone off. On the of the of this of the The below the of the buttons and the and station. and Reference
AB Not light (red) Search/Subscribe Charging light Battery On: charged. Flashes: empty. Flashes Ring-off On: the to the function of Flashes quickly: Flashes slowly: On: or temporarily off. On: locked. Flashes: Search/Subscribe Pressed search Pressed of appear the phone They shown the front cover of this The below what the and the text which appear the
AB Not searching or Press PARK stations. PIN security. Authentication security. You of) security Warning tone Incoming every seconds: empty. of of which You hear this each (when selected). You which function. Texts and On: the off Flashes: the phone or On: to station. Flashes: The phone warning tones and clicks. The phone and the and as below. phone Warning light Incoming empty. of of which Reference
AB Not XA120 charging DT120 telephone. English BS120 and DT120 telephone. Wall mounting station. The charging light light On or flashing while charging the of the charging On: to Incoming and only and The of and information. DT120 BS120 station. XA120 charging BS120. XA120. Cleaning Clean the with cloth with only. The of and other cleaning products and the and
AB EN60950 III. EMC ETS and EN55022 B. to C. to relative humidity, non-condensing. phone supply chargeable AAA and regulations CE 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC and 91/263/EEC. CE CE X. DECT CTR6, CTR10, TBR22. Wall mounting Battery DECT/GAP The telephone the of DECT/GAP Enhanced Telecommunications/Generic Access this that and that the of as as telephones. Technical specifications Reference
internal and memory numbers), numbers), provided), who memory numbers), security with PIN switched off, to to DECT/GAP telephone on/off, AB Not EN60950 III. EMC ETS and EN55022 B. to Performance stand-by hours, hours, charging hours; AAA V, to charge from off to (A) supply AC to and regulations CE regulations: 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC and 91/263/EEC. CE CE X. DECT CTR6, CTR10, TBR22. and (including and interfaces DECT/GAP, to radiated of the interface: with and with the Charge station.
Charging selection temporarily DTMF tones, to another switchboard (R three-party charges security with PIN priority, searching, from off to (A) This function AB or to with accessory mounting. interfaces to choice of or tone (DTMF), telephone phone DECT/GAP to radiated supply: and station. Charge this type of to C. to humidity, non-condensing. (including station. of and internal the Reference
Communications AB Not
three-party Switching off microphone tones Switching on/off AB Not and then... back to or Switching off Switching off Telephoning Memory Switching phone and off On of the or or or phone reference
Communications AB Not EN/LZTNB R2 AB to without Ericsson's active than Their combined and and the world-leading