IP Platform Graphic the graphic directly the about the text flow. Select Graphics and the following Width: Top: This text should then
IP EN/LZTBS R2A AB
Table of the On/Off Incoming Information Other Text Microsoft Corporate Directory WAP Services Troubleshooting IP Table of
IP to the the IP the Platform from Ericsson. The Communication Platform consists of Compact, and The features this related to or higher of the Communication Platform. might earlier of the and/or might protected that to bought The the of the Communication Platform and the IP with There the phone Please further information. The phone and Underneath the telephone, DBC and DBC to which The of this from: IP IP telephone conforming to the H.323 only with (LAN) that this type of telephone. The IP the (DHCP) of IP If DHCP the LAN, please
IP Copyright rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written of the publisher with the following terms. If this publication its to downloading and of the this and redistribution. of this publication to or from of or publication. Microsoft and Microsoft or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other countries/regions. Warranty ERICSSON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS MATERIAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or with the furnishing, performance or of this of Conformity AB, that this telephone conformity with the and other of the R&TTE 1999/5/EC. to found
IP Information instructions these instructions telephone or connected the following should to reduce of fire, shock and other Follow instructions the or other location and which telephones: with the indicated. If of the type of to the property or telephones: the telephone's where to mechanical as this the If the supply or the and service with this comply with EN/IEC and AS/NZS or to without from the Unauthorized or the authority to the the telephone to the of the of the or the bathtub, and or that of the or the service agency when service or telephone (other than type)
IP The attract and the The from the LAN or from AC/ AC AC/AC below or rating RES 20VA 230V/24V HBP RES 20VA 230V/24V HBP Great RES 20VA 120V/24V USA AC2410F1 ADU240100) of the should Please regulations of products.
IP C
IP Graphical section information The functions the to the to the function. Navigation To to the To to the the top section information On WAP this while, to the WAP section Corporate Directory and WAP Services To to this pressed, to the of which On WAP this while, to the WAP section Corporate Directory and WAP Services Right Navigation To to the right. To initiate or numbers, Can as function section To switch the microphone or off section To switch off the or when section on/off To switch the or off to section section (optional)
IP To the and the incoming the and Space/backspace writing Clear To or to clear the Microphone with hearing function Please The attract and the Press the to the section Access the Pull-out (optional) section Pull-out (optional) the Card to and own cards. The Designation Card included the Telephone Toolbox CD Communication which of the Reference section The to four connected. section
Extinguished The function active. The function active, Steady light or heard incoming to flashing to or to Light with IP indications The telephone with the of the or function.
IP information The graphical actions the phone with by-step instructions. The the consists of the following information: The top the field, which to the the selected the The showing: the and the user and the and the or the connected to the Called and Called Calling and internal and of the Calling/Called information such as reason, shown. If the SOS function the SOS shown. The the CorpDirectory <Traffic Calling/Called SOS information with three this that the or action. information with this that further action The of when might that their numbers, this the shows Incoming.... If to the shown the (Please whether the
IP The this both the and the however the displayed text the If there information the other than the this Telephone Top The top the below. The appearance of the top which telephone phone or below. PhoneBook WAP Services Calling/Called SOS CorpDirectory Calling/Called SOS
or or Appear the Indicates the or New Indicates and incoming The the this to or Missed Indicates incoming The the this to Incoming Indicates incoming the o Indicates outgoing the If telephone directory or with too to shown the appears as If the option selected. This that the respective option selected. Indicates that there Access warning. Flashes when the to services reduced Preset Indicates that the phone incoming and outgoing to connected to the headset when or without the IP activated. The switched off.
the to to the PhoneBook or WAP Services the to to the CorpDirectoryor selected with the Press function to option IP or to the the or to the right the The IP telephone and functions the This section shows the each of the that selected from the the IP functions might
Top PhoneBook WAP Services Character Restriction Option Unit Hearing Network LAN DHCP IP Gateway SW from DHCP SW Proxy Proxy Proxy Discovery VLAN LAN VLAN PC IP phone each of the that selected from the the selected with the and the to the AddPhoneBook off Missed Format Format characters Increased Directory Other WAP Select Profile Follow-me Follow-me Reason Explanations shown when there shortcut to established of Not used. when option connected. shown when WAP to Home. to
Top CorpDirectory Character Backlight Restriction Option Unit Hearing Network LAN DHCP IP Gateway SW from DHCP SW Proxy Proxy Proxy Discovery VLAN LAN VLAN PC IP phone each of the that selected from the the selected with the and the to the off Missed Format Format characters Increased Other WAP Select Profile Follow-me Follow-me Reason Explanations shown when there shortcut to CallList established of Not used. when option connected. shown when WAP to Home. to
tone ready to tone ready to active telephone) tone repeated to party) tone (Called tone (Called or Waiting tone Congestion tone to or tone that function accessed) tone to Intrusion) repeated repeated Callback IP Tones Tones the from the The tones and this to the
If phone properly, the following to the This clear the the to the Press least to the IP the On/Off IP phone the the the section the and the from to the and the sections this chapter to with the this and the connected to the (LAN), the when connected to the Notes: The phone the phone automatically. when requested, the phone the phone the On/Off
the On/Off IP the the to the the section, If used: the to the and the from the to POWER the of the section, seconds the light about seconds, then the displays shows: to IP The counting seconds. If this selected automatically. Notes: The to the IP of the should If to the the the the informs that the phone to the and that the software This about seconds. self-test, the phone ready
identity. (The to entry.) Press (The to entry.) Press If user identity and accepted, the with the IP LAN authentication) only). telephone might authentication to to the this identity and The user identity and the network authentication the identity and to The obtained from, and the to IP The with or numbers, section Text If identity and accepted, the On/Off change)
the On/Off IP The shows: to IP counts from seconds. If this change) selected automatically. Notes: You the The to the IP This The that the phone to the and the software This about the ready or ready To section On
Press to the software The software about seconds, then the automatically. IP software If software to the showing this. software the following shown: of the bootrom software the of the software the The counting seconds. If this (approximately. seconds), selected automatically. You the the It that the from the phone while the software downloaded and If the software If to to the Press to the of the software the On/Off
the On/Off If the SOS function the text SOS shown. The SOS might countries. and If this telephone the the previous displayed. this to to IP On The following options You allowed to and off the This the option. The telephone with You or off. This option receptions The with as option with and Option The displayed: CorpDirectory with: SOS The IP the LAN or optionally AC/AC If the telephone the LAN, The LAN (or the connected to the If the IP phone If required, the shows and the ready
and If know or or other than the displayed, IP CorpDirectory SMITH CHRISTOPH off The user and the of or The characters; the too than characters) and family first character the displayed The shown only, connected to the If requested, the shows: CorpDirectory Telephone the with or numbers, section Text this displayed: CorpDirectory off This the when the ready to software information, section Software the On/Off EXTENSION
the On/Off To the displayed and and Press IP To with If already this telephone the the displayed. To Option The following displayed, and the phone ready CorpDirectory CONF ROOM It to off, when to this option.
Press Press to If required, the shows and and the ready If Press to The shows and and the off Press to off You to the process. Press to The displayed. IP Option The following displayed. You with own and CorpDirectory CONF ROOM Telephone the with or numbers, section Text the the off, and then with the off the On/Off
Incoming the to the Press to the Press without the Press without the You connected the and microphone. IP Incoming flashing and the incoming incoming the shows: CorpDirectory EXTENSION BROWN JANE The rejected to the section
Press to terminate You to another from phone office. the You Press. Press to the The to as the IP To another The to another from country to country, Callback, Camp-on, Deflect the If to the when the phone If the phone as secondary phone initiated release the from the secondary phone however from the Waiting Incoming
to internal and directory to internal the and the IP Which to access, the of the The shows the CorpDirectory EXTENSION the the immediately. the and the shows: CorpDirectory Calling EXTENSION BROWN JANE
the established, the shows the other partys and the the You Common Abbreviated and or Abbreviated Press to the or Press without the the internal or the established, connected to the other the and microphone. Press to terminate initiate the the irrespective of whether the or of Press to the IP To learn about other to sections Abbreviated Dial-by- and You with the section
The Callback from country to country, or Callback, Camp-on, Intrusion the or to the You back the finishes the or the the finishes You to within seconds otherwise the Callback service the when back. The automatically. IP Callback You and tone or This free: Press. You and The shows: CorpDirectory EXTENSION Camp-on You of muted this function allowed). Press to camp-on. off the the automatically.
IP Notes: If the tone the allow Camp-on. The Camp-on from country to country, Callback, Camp-on, You this function allowed). Press to Intrusion tone heard and three-party established. the the and off the recalled automatically. Notes: If hear the the authority to or the protected Intrusion. The from country to country, Callback, Camp-on,
centrally Communication Platform. Common Abbreviated from every that the authority to the Common Please to telephone directory. Head Office Press to IP Abbreviated Abbreviated as Common Abbreviated the and the the telephone or the to Common Abbreviated Dial-by-Name If functions or numbers, them the of telephone. of of them, chapter To the function or the the
To numbers, to authorized the the and the Abbreviated and To the to the Select Abbreviated and and the and the The of to IP the to You and Abbreviated Which to the of the If Press.
Abbreviated the Press. and and the Press. IP
Select with the The shows the and the (hours, seconds). The shown only, the answered. or Press to the The shows the the Press to Press to options The displayed. IP incoming (answered, and rejected) and outgoing the The the to the section to the If or another the cleared. from the CorpDirectory PLATTNER MICHAEL o BECKER SANDRA o BROWN BOBBY o SANDMAN MARIA o HASLINGER WOLFGANG If the too and displayed appears the right of the
Press to the Press to to the Press to the from the Press to the to the only). section rejected, or to the AddPhoneBook Press to the to the only). section rejected, or to the IP
Missed Press The the of this the displayed. Press to Press IP Missed/Rejected The of shown the of the CorpDirectory off Missed CorpDirectory COOPER CAROL You the selecting the with the
Select with the or Press to the Press Press to the to the only). AddPhoneBook Press to the to the only). Press to the to the options or the and to the IP rejected, or to the CorpDirectory BROWN JANE OK OK Press to the to the CorpDirectory BROWN JANE How to and further information, sections and Text
Select with the or Press to the Press Press The selected IP from the
You the Press to switch the You the the You the section and Press to the You the Conversation the IP The Platform allows to You switch and handsfree/group the microphones, inquiry, the Conference or the to other From to From to
You Press to switch the microphone or off. the lights, the to hear the Press The first the of the would to the of the third party. the third switch the or of the Switch Press to IP to to or party. back You switch the connected
Press. the of the third party. You the or that connected to the party. Please the and section the The IP You or and to the to You to The other hear muted (camp-on), and the as as the terminated Camp-on allowed). Callback You back, and the other the within telephone
To the and the the to the The the to the Press and the to Press. the of the third party. Press to establish three established three To the hear the to include other to the this include to of them the of the the to the IP Waiting If hear the Waiting tone another trying to Conference You and to establish telephone
Press the The within or Press to the that Press the the The within or the Press to the that another the that the Press. IP You to the while. Common
To Press to To Press and Press to and to recording. Press and to re-record. Press to IP To to when tone or Callback
IP to or to another to to The when active and when there and when or If to to who his the with bypass function. the type of to section You as when there If to (internal or to to amount of seconds). when If and incoming (internal or to the to
Press The shows: Press to IP when active If active off) to to This function to secretary). CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH DIVERSION off This the to to internal and to directory or telephone).
Press The displays shows: or Press the Follow-me Select Press OK the and The displays shows: Press or Press the Follow-me Select Press Deactivate Press to IP and CorpDirectory Follow-me Follow-me reason Select CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH FOLLOW ME off
Press or Press the Follow-me OK Select Press the or to and the and The displays shows: IP and To To the function, to authorized the CorpDirectory Follow-me Follow-me reason Select CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH DIVERSION 9318->EXTERNAL off
Press or Press the Follow-me Select Press Deactivate Press to to Press to the Diversion. You outgoing as tone that forwarding active. Press. IP
This to from the telephone the Press. and the and Press to the Follow-me and from the Press. and Press to the IP Follow-me If another forwarding them to where To Follow-me, active Follow-me Follow-me
To this function, to authorized the Press. Press. You connected to the specified of which type of the activated. IP allows to activated this
IP Information If the office of vacation, this allows to inform why routed to the who to info. activated with this activated the Information, section You inform with: the reason and the and of information Record and the reason of Information
Information Press or Press the Reason Select Press The shows: or Press the type OK Select Press the or of required) and The the reason, and of IP information CorpDirectory Follow-me Follow-me reason Select CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH MEETIBNG BACK off Completing Info hour month back hour back hour back, month back, month
information Press to information Press and Press to play-back and to recording. Press and to re-record. Press to Press to the IP hear the information the or the routed to the who to info. You to information. Information
Information Press to and Information Press to the the information switched off: Press to info. Information active. Press to the Press or Press the Reason Select Press The Select Press The information IP information information information
to the Press. the of the the the Press to the Press to the IP While from the office, You to with section The first the from might to section or follow the To the to authorized the the Mailbox
Deactivate the Press. Press to the New IP recommended to to the as Once this to to The whether or the should activated phone or The active as the when there and when
Press and follow the the IP Access the The following from other internal or from to If there the flashing and hear tone the The displays shows: CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH off Access the from the might
Access the from other the directory of the and follow the the Access the from the of the directory of the and follow the the If there the option to to Select of the three heard, to and follow the the IP to the following three New heard); indicated flashing and Heard indicated lighting and indicated. from the Please this. Access the chapter Access the and follow the the Select to to and info
heard. the (these Press to the IP of the to other or (heard or to the the as the The without the There the to than operations. Mailbox
Access the chapter Access the Mailbox and follow the the Select to Select the type and follow the the the recorded played to the Press to the IP the type of to the three the You when when there or or activated with this instead of activated information.
IP Mailbox With this function, the allows to and from to other internal without the respective owner. recorded to or to There the to than operations. Access the chapter Access the and follow the the to and and follow the heard or re-recorded they to With this function, the when You where or as as arrives. This restricted or the the and information. You the of the Notification with access: You acknowledge the to from the section to You to the
The and the Press to the IP without access: You informing that You acknowledge the You to back the to the If acknowledge the within the the and repeated the the of Access the chapter Access the and follow the the Select to outcall and follow the You the the and the function. The (including the access) of to The 24h-format, with to
Access the chapter Access the and follow the the Select to the and follow the Press to the the the Press to The Press. Press. Press to the IP the The without the the
To the recording: the Press and The recording four and seconds. Select options below: Press to Press and to re-record. Press to the recording and the Press to the IP Dictaphone Function If to and the Dictaphone function. Dictaphone treated as information to Dictaphone section to Record
From the PC Microsoft to only). section Microsoft Select the (PhoneBook) with the Navigation The (PhoneBook) displayed. IP You or PhoneBook locally The (PhoneBook) centrally please There of to and the and the the the as with incoming from the PhoneBook From PC the phone using and the and section CorpDirectory Select
or Press to choose option Select Press Option Press and second. to with the as the the displayed. Press to the or Press to the IP You the first character(s) of and then the to search the and If and the than second, to with displayed. If the search than the or to the
Option the (PhoneBook) with the Navigation Select Press Press the with the the of the displayed. Search Press The first with the selected character displayed. or Press to the Press to the IP CorpDirectory Search and to There to and to the the section Text to the section the telephone and the and The following text to and with the and the
the (PhoneBook) with the Navigation Press to the option Select Press the and the and Press to the and IP CorpDirectory CorpDirectory CorpDirectory BROWN JANE OK OK Press to The and the
and (PhoneBook) Select the (PhoneBook) with the Navigation Press to the option Select Press Search the first character(s) of the and with to appears. The first with the selected characters To or Press to the Select Press to the The Press Press to the Each the character IP CorpDirectory Search the found and with CorpDirectory BROWN JANE CorpDirectory BROWN JANE
the completely and Press The to the of the Press to the Each the the and Press to the and IP OK Press to The edited and the
and (PhoneBook) Select the (PhoneBook) with the Navigation Press Press the Select Press Search the first character(s) of the and with to appears. The first with the selected characters or Press to the Press The and that shown the Press to abort IP CorpDirectory Search the found and with OK Press to the and The and from the Contacts
the Press to search internal directory Press to search To the Press to IP Compared to the which IP phone function, the Phonebook the the The covers internal directory as as numbers. the telephone the as as the within the which the
the first of the the first character that displayed. To the following characters, the repeatedly. and characters. The character selected time-out seconds) or when another pressed. Press to the IP to through the whole the search function immediately without the first of the Press to the search function Search The first which matches with displayed. Press to the Press to the reaching the or the of the tone Search If the search the shows: SORRY NO SUCH NAME Press to search
Press with the Press free the If this to the first. IP together the following With this function, (or selected) each Function to Which that to the of every free, You establish the To the flashing the of the incoming announced with flashing and To initiate the The automatically.
off). The (flashing Press to the directly flashing the Press to IP Supervision/Telephone Function and of If telephone, to the other or incoming the the and the activity of other (free, called). the indicated group-member If the flashing,
group, to You to the Please the the The Common function allows of the included) to the from that as Common the Common Please the Common IP Common If or to from the Common the first The other the This the Common and there the Common You the Common Function included or with directory each to or fictive Please this function. The of to (including
To to group: Press. the Please the Press. Press to the To Press. Press. Press to the IP Incoming to the directed to the group. The within the to If of the incoming If this the the to the If the Callback or function the
To from group: Press. the Please the Press. The shows: To from Press. IP CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH PBX GROUP LOGGED OUT off Missed
To the Press to the secondary telephone. Press to the The shows: IP Other using these features productivity increased, the accounts, to the and The consisting of telephones using the directory One of the telephones as the and the other as the secondary This function the users that, wired their (the telephone and to within their building with their (the secondary telephone Basically the as follows: CorpDirectory CHRISTOPH SMITH SECOND USER LOGGED ON off Missed Other
Other To the Press to off the secondary telephone. Press. directory Press to the IP Both telephones treated as outgoing Both telephones treated as incoming The secondary telephone and the telephone as telephone. outgoing Both telephones treated as of
The phone to within the hours allowed). Press. and press. hour the reached with If the authority to Press to the reached, phone with to Press to the IP Other
Other the You with the party. Press. the directory Please the IP The to the to the from of the the the to the directory You the directory as Common Abbreviated or Function
You from office to section the prompted the of Followed the DISA the the DISA If to the Account should the Account the section Account the IP Direct Access (DISA) If externally and the to business and the PBX to to the party. You the the phone to The other or To this function, to the from to Which to and to section the function. Procedure, section If to when to office. Other
Other outgoing Press. Account and the The DTMF function as Suffix to or other This function permanently active internal or to reach the answered to which as DTMF (tone to the to the IP Account Account to to accounts. the the Account to from Account or Account The following apply: With the Account the of or everyone who allowed to Account which to each to Account to Account to The Account the DISA function, section Direct Access (DISA) or Account DTMF Tones
Least Routing the and the the The of outgoing If LCR to automatically, the opportunity to the cheapest the LCR the LCR Please the LCR the and the the IP Least Routing Least Routing (LCR) selects the cheapest to establish the to the Please this function If the to LCR, each analysed and the cheapest selected. Which to the of the Calling Least Routing Which to the of the You the LCR Function Other
Text Press to and Press the to the character. to Press the as backspace to incorrect entry. IP Text It to write when to to the integrated telephone directory. Select characters repeatedly. Additional, the characters of displayed below the and CorpDirectory BROWN JANE If the to the created the than second. Press characters.
the first character the This the the IN_ IP You write the following characters: Press repeatedly. Text
IP to the Communication Platform and IP telephone with options The following and when to IP telephone: Character only) Restriction Option Unit selected only Option Unit connected) Hearing the the the information, CorpDirectory Character Select
To to the or Press to through the Select Press to the option the of the Press to Press to abort the IP
Select with the Select Press to The displayed. Press the IP If functions or numbers, them the of telephone. of of To the function or the the To function to please CorpDirectory Press the to The and and as If function the the and the shows. CorpDirectory MNS If the previously the function or shown the CorpDirectory
function Press to the Press to to the Press to to the Select with the Press to the Character Select Press to character The character displayed. Press the The with the chosen character. Press to the character and to the previous Press to abort the without Press to to the previous IP If to the once. If to the displayed. Character There characters telephone, each to and CorpDirectory Character character: character
Select with the Press to the Select Press to the The Format displayed. Select Press to Format hour and hour IP and The and updated the automatically. You only the and The and options. If to the and please To the CorpDirectory Format Format Select CorpDirectory Format hour hour Select
Select Press to the highlighted Select with the Press to the Select Press to the Press to the Format option or Press to through the Select Press to the highlighted Press to to the IP Press to the To the CorpDirectory Format Select
Select with the Press to the Select Press to the Select Press to the option The displayed, showing the or Press to through the Select Press to the Press to to the IP If this function please To the CorpDirectory Select CorpDirectory English
Select the top or Press the Select Press The displays shows: or Press to or increase the Press to the Press to to the previous or. Press to to IP The the the CorpDirectory The to the without the
Select the top or Press the Select Press The displays shows: or Press to or increase the Press to the Press to to the or. Press to to IP phone only). The the backlight the CorpDirectory The to the without the
the top or Press the Option Select Press The displays shows: or Press to the The activated with the free the function. Select Press to the selected function Press to to the or. Press to to IP Option If phone with option this to the function of the option the function of the option CorpDirectory Option Unit Combined The activated when phone The function to the Combined Activated with the and steady active when phone free the function. The to the without the
the to the of the or the when the off the when tone heard the or Press to the The and It to increased hearing the and the Select the top or Press the Hearing Select Press The hearing and or Press to the and Increased Select Press to the hearing Press to to the Press to to IP and Hearing CorpDirectory Hearing Increased The to the without the
the to the when the phone or Press to the You the incoming Press to the The switched off the and to below). the phone or when Press to switch off the The switched and the the off to The switched the the or IP The to the of If to the to to incoming switch off the Incoming indicated flashing and information.
Select with the Press to the Network Select Press The following options only: Press to to the previous IP Network DHCP IP Gateway SW from DHCP SW Proxy Discovery (IP telephone) If concerning please
IP Callback, Camp-on, The associated the Callback, or the Intrusion function from country to country. If of function, with associated this only the the following shows the of these countries that known Camp-on Callback to another
IP This chapter optional that together with telephone. with (type DBY Each offers Each as function section section the DCM Card to and cards. DCM included the Telephone CD or from: information, please
the headset turned off: Press and the seconds. the activated (headset shown the the the headset turned Press and the seconds. The deactivated. IP (optional) to the section You IP to This without the headset Deactivate headset
If the headset deactivated: Press the Press the flashing to Press to terminate Press the You to the headset the Press to terminate the to the to headset Press the the to Press. IP If the headset activated:
to headset Press the IP Pull-out (optional) The and the section (optional) the Card to and the The Card included the Telephone CD the Communication Platform.
Microsoft IP Microsoft phone only). PC which when to Microsoft to It to phone Microsoft with and country including the international The PC PC required), should to the On the the necessary information to the the information: Click to the the the to
OK IP Microsoft PC. phone and IP The To IP section Click. Microsoft the and already phone the right the the and click. Selected Microsoft to Click to the The to Click to the PC Microsoft
IP You IP phone from PC to the telephone The which telephone or phone only) or PhoneBook: only) or PhoneBook the to the and items. It to to PhoneBook and function the the hearing or increased). phone only) the tone character phone only) the interface
Select the with the Navigation Press to the Network Select Press Press to to IP the IP-Address of the the to the IP through CorpDirectory Option Unit Hearing Network Select The option shows the IP assigned to the telephone. CorpDirectory Network DHCP (YES) IP Gateway the IP
the IP the of The shows: IP Access the If the to the please the of and the phone If phone from the the might the If to when to the this instead This then the the to own If section
Click. On the displayed with the following IP only) PhoneBook only) off
Click. Click to the and Click to the and from Click to the Click to to the without Click. IP phone only). Access the chapter Access the Click the the the If there they Each clicking the respective the first Select of the options below: To and from
Click. Click to the and the PhoneBook. Click to the and from the PhoneBook. Click to the Click to to the PhoneBook without phone Click. IP PhoneBook only). Access the chapter Access the Click the PhoneBook the the If there the PhoneBook, they Each clicking the respective the first Select of the options below: To and from PhoneBook
Click. Click to the and from the Click to the Click to to the without Click. IP Access the chapter Access the Click the the the If there the they clicking the respective the first Select of the options below:
Click. the The to of least characters. the to the field and the Click to off Click to IP The following options: Hearing Access the chapter the Click the the the The displayed. The Click to
Click. The of the telephone displayed Click to the IP Access the chapter Access the Click the the the The displayed. The and the fixed, (MNS) the others with to each. Click the of the to its The shows the and text field the the field.
Click to the Click to without and to back to the selection. Hearing Click. The shown characters. Click to the The shown characters. off Click to IP the the Hearing Access the chapter Access the Click the the the The displayed. Click to
Corporate Directory Clickable when options Search Search the directory, Refresh Refresh the to the first of the If least seconds, to to the to Not used. IP Corporate Directory phone only. the Corporate Directory and then to that the directory, the following options: Access the Corporate Directory and This function activated
CorpDirectory the top The displays shows: the first of the You search first and Search Press The shows of that with the The to search. or Press Select Press The shows the directory the selected or Press the phone Select Press to the IP Contacts CorpDirectory First DoSearch Erease Select First Phone: DNDI Select Corporate Directory
the WAP the WAP the following options: to the to to the clickable Press than second, to the instead of the Access the the top IP phone only. CorpDirectory History Select Select of the following options: to the (WAP that the WAP History History WAP to another WAP
or Press the Press OK the WAP and The WAP shown. the to the or OK WAP and The WAP shown. the to the IP the shown WAP This instance the and to back to the WAP other WAP CorpDirectory Erease OK
WAP Services Clickable when options and to top WAP Services. to the previous to the first of the If least seconds, to to the Short to the to Not used. IP WAP Services only). wireless with WAP (Wireless Application allowing to both WAP and WAP that the directory). directory the directory phone and then to that to the directory, the following
This function activated WAP Services the top Press to the Directory The shows: or Press search Select Press the first of the or Press to reach the Search Select Press The shows of that with the AN. IP Access the directory and PhoneBook WAP Services Directory Other WAP Select The option when WAP First Search Found: Next Select WAP Services Search
WAP Services If to the with search hits, the Next The to search. or Press Select Press The shows the directory the selected or Press the (Phone:) Select Press to the IP DND Select
Other WAP Select WAP Services the top or Press the Other WAP Select Press The shown. the WAP below. IP PhoneBook WAP Services Directory Other WAP Select Address: WAP.TV4.SE OK Notes: If than second, the instead of the Press to switch and OK Press The top the shown. the further that WAP Services
WAP Services Press or Press the Press You to WAP Services the top IP To the WAP You and least to to
IP With establish or with than or to another These business life. these features used, least there connecting to therefore to to the following: Please to to information or to they answered. to to third they answered. If connected to and If the information or which costly. such of You the Please or service information.
IP the IP connected to supply and to the IP (LAN), the to IP The counting seconds. This only. this and selected automatically. If please the shows: Connecting to DHCP The IP to the DHCP and its IP from the This displayed IP the IP the telephone software section Software
IP of software the to: Loading software... the software internally the telephone. This about seconds, further action necessary. the software completed, the telephone OK the telephone ready to and to to the section On Software If software IP the following appear the IP of the software the The counting seconds.
Press to the software You the software of telephone: Press least second. The displayed seconds, and then characters Press to to IP If selected automatically. Press to the software The software and the If to software, the following appear: software from the Please The software from the This about seconds. the software the to: DO NOT DISCONNECT THE TELEPHONE It that the telephones supply while this displayed. The of the about seconds. If this phase, the telephone the software Software
to the to the right IP You the to the the notch the telephone. The to the to LINE and the to HANDSET. The of the optional. If supply the telephone the LAN supply. To screwdriver to the
IP and telephone high Press to Release to
IP the Card to and cards. The Card included the Telephone Toolbox CD or downloaded from: the please Certified
IP the the of the or the fits Press where the hear Click sound. the as shown the section of type DBY
IP positioning the Card to and cards. The Card included the Telephone CD or from: the please Certified
IP (optional) the protective from the the to the of the the of the corner. the
IP Wall mounting The phone mounted without instance or areas. screwdriver to the Turn the and screwdriver to the covers. to
IP Spacer, Spacer, (recommended) screw screws and and spacer(s) Mount screws to and the
IP the telephone telephone to from telephone of heat, the that the isnt creased. Cleaning the telephone slightly cloth or cloth and off the telephone rough cloth, or cleaning of the telephone, that caused of these instructions, of the the
Troubleshooting the telephone. Press and least second. IP Troubleshooting This section information to through the following If this the If others there the chapter. To that everything correctly and that everything properly connected. If telephone properly when the the functioning instead of the If that telephone properly, the telephone, If found, the the telephone the service or the telephone
Abbreviated Initiating to or There short-numbers, which that them. section Abbreviated Account To Account section Other Automated facility which instructions to and callers, options which chosen. instructions the to the section Other Callback to to inform the that to to sections and Camp-on To to section Dial-by-Name Initiation of operating (or Common Abbreviated each section Abbreviated IP Direct Access (DISA) If externally, the DISA function to the PBX. You the to section Other Directory with which assigned to or or as Common Incoming to to another directory or the There three Direct, which that to directly. On reply, which that within On which that the section This through to where active. section telephones connected to the PBX internal to
Information about and of to the where the information Information of text information. information. Intrusion To when section Least Routing function that selects the cheapest to the shortest The the that or when section Mailbox to This when the tone or There of section To switch the microphone temporarily off. section IP to and from the You section PBX Branch switching text information. section Information Third third which included The internal or section from the internal or and then the to another or section and the as Can or