Edition S60
to (EMO) Edition, which offers of office to with and EMO Edition there synchronization and the information. EMO wireless to through This information and This users and EMO Edition and It that with wireless and that with using this The EMO Edition includes the following Edition PC Instructions to EMO with PC such as and HP Edition UIQ Instructions to EMO with UIQ such as and Edition S80 Instructions to EMO with 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
of Introducing EMO Edition Network and Activation EMO Activating EMO and EMO the EMO Application the EMO Services Reading and Uninstalling EMO Troubleshooting and FAQ Troubleshooting Additional Additional 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
Introducing EMO Edition EMO Edition instance and as You the the .SIS The of the S60 includes characters S60. to using the EMO services the following: S60 such as or of please service or The EMO the operating as (.SIS) service or should this to Network (GPRS or 3G) and APN (Access that directly to the You this WAP with the If the to APN. To always-on the EMO the (GPRS or 3G) to the The re-initiated temporarily Please, both network and when 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
If to the the APN to Access and the the please IT or service service the to SMS 7/1553-ANF Accounts Edition S60
and Activation This chapter to the EMO to and that each account. to to the should first. EMO Please follow these to EMO to Copy the EMO (.SIS to the There to this: and Locating the the If about and Select the to (this shows OK 7/1553-ANF Bluetooth from PC Bluetooth both the and memory that the to it software (the with from PC If the to Bluetooth or appears the If the the memory or and the from or memory Edition S60
If memory the memory type to the Either chosen. the terms, and You that the Activating EMO to EMO to activated to the service. If to that to the and the as they to the of the activation You clear the the activation 7/1553-ANF Select Memory Edition S60
to Applications and the EMO informative about the displayed. Press the (APN, Access appears. Select Next to and OK information the APN section Network 7/1553-ANF Information Activation Edition S60
to and to displayed. Choose the services to You this selection Press Next You to Select and Next 7/1553-ANF and Selection Selection Edition S60
This only there and selected the to You whether to the or the with the If previously, recommended to the to his or (the distinguish If from of EMO, and the Should to please first from and then this Select Next this established. If there with the APN or displayed. You the and and the APN. section Network The restarted from Applications Once the the activation which to the EMO service. This security reasons. 7/1553-ANF or Edition S60
If to the Activation to the with the activation as the first of the reply. If the activation to IT who service the 7/1553-ANF Activation Activation Edition S60
The Activation includes the service. Therefore, should this to IT You o Inform o SMS o It recommended to the Once account activated, EMO there established the activation both to and to PC. and activation Press You shown You the selecting and the the background and normally. You using EMO. 7/1553-ANF Connecting and Activation Edition S60
and EMO Edition to the and activation. This chapter what of and to the services efficiently and and The and this chapter. You the and EMO from the Applications and selecting The following options this allows to temporarily EMO. to information as the and updated once the to that to the to section below). to when helpful to as the immediately when below chapter. Clear allows to the inbox the The the Should to them from the to the and choose allows to the and over-the-air, the from both. Normally to this as EMO automatically. allows to the and over-the-air, the from both. Normally to this as EMO automatically. 7/1553-ANF Accessing and Edition S60
displays the to the to to this About displays the of EMO. There of or selecting from the On the first the Access the APN to to the information the APN section Network service information about EMO allowed to The recommended option which that the that the The to where The option On that the with Each The option that from the from the If with the On or and there EMO to indicated to the the to the front to inform the that EMO The of the to charges where there fee. Charges when 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
On the the following to the age of that the If items than this EMO clears those items from the inbox automatically. The items from the them from The of this to memory The within hours from the within that You from of the Sound allows to sound played when received. the This activation and should 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
On the the following with the and allows to to The from the phone when You the to the The of this to memory. On the the following the phone with the 7/1553-ANF Contacts Edition S60
EMO EMO offers of office to with and This chapter to EMO. Starting the EMO Application EMO the background when switch Therefore, to to EMO there (3G or GPRS) displayed You the the EMO from Applications. You from EMO The EMO the as other the to the EMO Services This section to the functionality to efficiently while from New when EMO and there EMO and as as to If the EMO while when the becomes the actions the to the instance, when shown as read the and the If from the and from the whenever or the replicated to the 7/1553-ANF Location of EMO Edition S60
there displayed of the Selecting to Unread items shown Reading and the selecting the Unread items shown and The the information such as subject, Priority indicated. Select to information. indicated the 7/1553-ANF Unread Edition S60
The following actions Reply to to the to items as would Reply To to the and to the of the The from the the and of the number/Email/URL) Allows to search phone numbers, and URLs. the the following items 7/1553-ANF Inbox Edition S60
the as the selected as or back to with the allows to or other Reply (To to or selected this function to or You than with the and or the inbox. to Allows to to created the Please that these to the the to from 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
or to and to downloading that would only The typically the To and shown which to the It displays the of the to the of downloading the downloading, the shown with You the with without downloading them to first. If the as would normally, the The of that restricted the amount of memory If to free enough from (such as Then downloading. The where once the You manually the from the information, the section Writing New below. 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
Writing New You writing selecting EMO the inbox (please that the option New EMO the the To field. You search the the selecting EMO least three of the the field with then selecting Search and selecting the the the to to the You selecting text the and You the Press to 7/1553-ANF New EMO Edition S60
With the EMO active, immediately when the or This allows to with when the indicated the the To to the and or from the The actions and the action, prompting whether to the information using please You should other or synchronization together with EMO, as often and other 7/1553-ANF Responding to Meeting Edition S60
Uninstalling EMO This chapter to EMO Edition from EMO to Applications EMO and selecting or to the options to Applications the From the EMO and then Confirm the operation. You prompted whether to clear the the service If to clear the the Uninstallation clears the items from 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
Troubleshooting and FAQ This chapter to to that correctly and to as as (FAQ). Troubleshooting It highly recommended that these IT the of EMO EMO from Applications The should Connected and EMO This the to the immediately. If there the EMO This internal from the to and that it arrives to This easily shows the or arrives the to the If arrive to If congested, If EMO or the to EMO to ones. If the closed or there of the immediately, the whole processed. If IT Please the to To the EMO and EMO and as EMO You to the with third They located the and Duality*.txt If there please these also. 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
Frequently Q: from the A: To the security from theft the following things: You the theft to who clear the to the and security to third software. Q: Uninstalling the phone the should A: If the reason, and exiting the restarting the phone and immediately from Application the 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
Additional Additional the EMO Edition service: IT PC connectivity, please or service 7/1553-ANF Edition S60
Copyright AB. rights This information, which protected copyright. of this or transmitted or means, or mechanical, including recording, or information and or translated another without written of AB, of AB. rights or from this protected and international and of other acknowledged. NOTICE The information this to without ERICSSON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS MATERIAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or with the furnishing, performance or of this AB SE-131 Telephone 7/1553-ANF Edition S60