R1900
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when using While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright UltraChrome, and UltraChrome and of Corporation. UltraSmooth, RPM, and and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. Copyright Notice
Introduction R1900 of and from these advanced features: Eight UltraChrome including and tones and increased vibrancy. smooth, and Enhanced of and of to inches, with or without Advanced while smoother to inch) with the Direct CDs and professional-looking USB fast, easy to computers. Downloadable ICC Please follow these as the instructions and on-screen Reference Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about R1900 hints Introduction
Loading You of the or the and specialty and the Loading the Sheet You the following and the other the the type sheets (B or B) Bright White inch, inch, inch) inch) (B, A3, B) inch, inch, inch) (A3 or B) inch or (B) Loading
type inch or inch, A3, or B) Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool the and the then the and the or first, the right and beneath the Then the the Narrower first, or top first. The slightly feeding and the or the cover Loading
Loading the Sheet You professional these using the and the White UltraSmooth Scrapbook from the and the the and the the the back of the the to the right. the the notches its with the the back of the Then the the top of the with Turn the the correctly. Loading
of and the right then the the too tightly. first, which the instructions. the the and there the slightly. Once the feeding the of the cover and the the the and straight. The straight the properly the of If the crooked or the front when To this, and the three seconds to back the Press the to clear the then the the cover and Loading
Loading You or to or with or without You these 8.3-inches 13-inches of and and Its to the and necessary, This from the to the Turn the the and the the the the the each of the as shown. and protective from the of the and the corners of the to feeding Loading
touching the of or With that previously loaded, to the straight each the with the the back of the with right Then the right the the right. the of the the located the and with the the the right of the too tightly. or the with the the and seconds the the automatically. to three inches of the as and the If feeding that the straight and to the Loading
the cover and the to the or feeding straight. The straight the properly the of If crooked or the front when To this, the three seconds to back the Press the to clear the then the or the the to to three inches of the cover and Removing Prints and To or the to feed the then off straight the the the as to the too to the to feeding To or the to the to If finished or the three seconds to feed the backwards and of the If it feed the the Turn the the to the then the and from the Press the to the light from flashing. the or its from high humidity, and sunlight. Loading
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON inches S041808 S041727 inches S041934 inches S041809 S042038 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S041667 inches S041466 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches S041376 inches S041378 inches) S041935 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 inches) S041156 inches) S041143 count Loading
inches S041982 inches) S041405 inches) S041341 inches S041467 inches) S041568 Double-sided inches) S041062 inches) S041636 inches) S041351 White UltraSmooth inches) S041896 Loading inches) S041331 inches) S041327 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches S041408 inches S041409 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 inches) S041257 inches S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 inches) S041637 Sheet count
Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 Water inches SP91220 inches S041992 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches) S041106 Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 SCR1003 count Loading
From to This section from or instructions, the on-screen Reference You directly CDs or and the on-screen Reference To directly from PictBridge-compatible to the R1900 the on-screen Reference Its to to R1900 software. Checking Software instructions. or the and Select EPSON R1900 and the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the From to Select EPSON R1900 Click to software
On the of the following as the Quality Option rough with reduced Text containing text or with Text with text or with and graphics with and or graphics with high Select type (choose or Select Source and Click Choose the Source which Sheet sheets of the or the instructions; the on-screen Reference instructions selecting options the of the feed the instructions) CD/DVD the CD/DVD instructions) Choose the Choose the of the sheets as the Select Select or photo From to
or the of as the Select A4 8.3-inch or 13-inch the of to or inches to the of To To reduce or or the the and as necessary. (Click or on-screen Reference the Advanced Select selected type): the with reduced Normal text and the with and graphics with and and graphics with high and to RPM the and to From to
instructions, information about or on-screen Reference Click OK to Click OK or to This appears and shows the of or If or instructions and With or the and Select R1900 Select Select or From to
Select the the and To photo the the with Sheet option. To the of with or option. (To option.) the of to or inches to the of To the the with or option. Select the of or photo as the Click OK the and Select R1900 choose from the and the following to Advanced information about the Select the From to Select Select or Grayscale or Advanced
Select or the as the and the Quality/Speed to higher or the Advanced Select Quality selected type): the with reduced Normal text and the with and graphics with and and graphics with high and to RPM the and to instructions, information about or on-screen Reference Click To the the (or the and SP R1900 the or Select the If or instructions and necessary. From to
Selecting the Correct Select the or software the coverage this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Water Quality Iron-on Cool White White UltraSmooth Scrapbook Double-Sided Double-sided CD or DVD CD/DVD the this ICC from From to UltraSmooth CD/DVD
With Profiles the specifically and type. with and ICC from when software. Follow the instructions this chapter to Photoshop CS, CS2, or CS3 to with Photoshop (the CS3 the Reference Its to off software when Photoshop or these sections instructions: With below With to the of software and appears and This the to the and With Profile First Photoshop and assign to then and Photoshop and Assigning Profile Photoshop. Select from the With Profiles
You this U.S. Prepress or North America Prepress from the to RGB as the Click OK the to If Profile Mismatch the and OK If Profile Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and If they Assign Profile or Assign Then of the following as the Profile RGB (or such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 Click the to the of choice the Select from the and OK With Profiles
Select then or with If necessary, More or More then Photoshop Colors or Photoshop Colors Profile or Profile and the If with ICC the that matches the to such as SPR1900 the or Relative and the Black If This reduces the that the within the With Profiles
Selecting and Click the and or Preferences Click the Advanced If ICC the to match Select the Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing Select the ICM then the that If the apply correction to the If of the following the selected: Water Click OK then OK or to photo. If selected the of and If than expected and/or yellow-brown turned off both Photoshop and the If lighter than expected and/or light cast, both Photoshop and the With Profiles
With Profile Photoshop and assign to then and Photoshop and Profile Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop or You this Select U.S. Prepress or North America Prepress from the to RGB as the Click OK the to If Profile Mismatch the and OK If Profile Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and If they Assign Profile or Assign Profile With Profiles
Then of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 Click the to the of choice the Select then or with If necessary, More or More then Click as necessary, and OK Photoshop Colors or Photoshop Colors or Profile and the If with ICC the that matches the to such as SPR1900 the or Relative and the Black If This reduces the that the within the With Profiles
Selecting and Click the R1900 and Select the Click the Advanced If ICC the Quality to match If of the following to On Water Turn off the High option. Select then that If the apply correction to the Click to photo. If selected the of and If than expected and/or yellow-brown turned off both Photoshop and the If lighter than expected and/or light turned both Photoshop and the With Profiles
CDs and You R1900 and the CD software that with to directly CDs or CD or DVD, to clean the the as below. or CD or DVD to Then follow the these Loading CD or DVD CD or DVD Removing Printed CD/DVD If using where the to within inch of the of the to the the of the CD software. the instructions. Cleaning the CD or DVD, to the the feeding of through Turn the of the Press the to feed the through the Press the to the sheets of this to completely the CDs and
Loading CD or DVD First burn or CD or DVD to Turn the Clean the the the and the the the the Then the CD/DVD cover. the CD/DVD with the the the and then the the CDs and
the CD/DVD the and the beneath the the arrows CD/DVD to the the the and when finishes. the R1900 or off with CD or DVD the first CD or DVD the software the R1900 the CD directly CDs or Follow these to the and the the of the following to CD: Double-click the EPSON CD the Applications the EPSON CD and EPSON CD CDs and
Follow the instructions the Reference to You the the to text and background or or ready to the the and You of these Select EPSON R1900 or R1900 (Macintosh), necessary. Click Removing Printed CD/DVD CD or DVD printed, the from the R1900 the and the the R1900 or off with CD or DVD the first. the CD or DVD You to to hours the to from and sunlight. If to the or quality, on-screen Reference instructions. CDs and
Follow the these sections to the R1900 its Checking and Cleaning the Head below Checking and the Head Checking the Cartridge Checking and Cleaning the Head You and the head the and Cleaning software. It that then reads to which then necessary. sheets of the sheet of the following: Right-click the the right of (the and Head Cleaning the Applications the EPSON Utility2 SP R1900 and OK Then Head Cleaning Click and follow the on-screen instructions to allow the to and the If necessary, the cleans the head, and and the If clogged, to the head manually. the on-screen Reference instructions.
If cleaning the head four off and least hours to Then If R1900 to least once month to Checking and the Head If become or or or light them, to the head. Its to the first to the and the head, necessary. If the head manually. head cleaning of (or the hand) the Its to or photo the of the following: Right-click the the right of (the and Head the Applications the EPSON Utility2 SP R1900 and OK Then Head To the and the head automatically, then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the and the head as necessary. To the head manually, the and follow the on-screen instructions, or the Reference
Checking the Cartridge R1900 know when or the following The light flashes when or The light when expended. displays when to This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions Reference You when the other expended. To the anytime, of the following: Double-click the the right of (the You the to the right. the Applications the EPSON Utility2 Select SP R1900 OK and EPSON You the to the right.
Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase or type Black T0871 Black T0878 T0872 T0873 T0874 T0877 T0879 T0870 that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the The with and of the from the first the within months of the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the R1900 ready to them to the head from the CD/DVD software
You immediately the ones. or the to the the cover. Press the to the head to the If or expended, the light the flashes or Dont the head or the white the head to the cover. the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of
the the four or the clicking sound when them. the the or the from the to the the the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks
Once the necessary the cover and clicks the cover. Press the to charging the This about The light flashes as the charges. the light flashing and the light charging finished. off the R1900 while charging or If the light flashing, the then the securely. If or and the
the of the lights to the of below), or the information. Information and easy to and purchasing, and Reference Checking Software Periodically, to free to R1900 software. on-screen Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and EPSON R1900 Checking the Lights the of the lights to the Light and or sheets the and the button. or to The CD/DVD to CD or DVD.
Light and flashing the feed or Sheet or Press the to sheets, then the cover and Press the to clear the off printed or then and the or correctly, or with the or the flashing You or which and flashing The CD/DVD cover while flashing from the the to CD or DVD or the CD/DVD cover to to the CD/DVD cover). Press the to clear the and flashing connected to the or flashing USB only PictBridge to the USB the on-screen Reference off and flashing off and flashing The CD/DVD to Gently the CD/DVD and the to the The cover the cover to (Leaving the cover or the R1900 the of their service or unknown occurred. The head or other Turn off the and back If the
and the below using first, and the right with the and Dont the arrow the only of the the the software the loaded. If the flashing and the cover closed. Leaving the cover or If feed the and through the to the the right and the Also, too sheets the sheet once and the cover closed. If the feed, the correctly and the the the the closed. If feed, the of it straight and the backwards, necessary. Then the and the cover closed. If try the following, or Press the to then the cover and Press the to clear the then off or then and the
CD/DVD If the CD/DVD or the the CD/DVD and the flashing. the CD/DVD to the correctly the and the arrows the closed. If correctly the or cover the correctly, to the the CD software. the Reference instructions. If smears CDs or and that the of the and them hours them If necessary, the CD software. the on-screen Reference instructions. Quality the and the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. with only) or the type of matches the and type software sheets from the as they least hours or protective If to them, of each If light or or they too to the head. the and Cleaning to and the head If the Head to and the head The and
Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product R1900 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM Monday through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Notices Instructions R1900 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the R1900 the type of indicated the R1900 the that with the R1900 of another fires or shock. the with other the R1900 outlet where the easily If the R1900 the from the off the R1900 the button, and the light flashing the or off to the the R1900 outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or If with the R1900 the rating of the the the cords the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the R1900 or cover the R1900 or through the the R1900 or heating or sunlight. products that or around the R1900 Doing fire. the R1900 that its It properly or the R1900 least inches from the the white the R1900 Notices
the R1900 as specifically to service the R1900 yourself. the R1900 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the R1900 its or otherwise from the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the R1900 or immediately Leaving the head and the R1900 from If the supply from and and the as the R1900 that there the supply covers or to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the Instructions
America, Inc., Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of Notices
caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write Inc., P.O. CA America, Inc., Warranty
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B431A Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC
CPD-24045R1 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX