USERS GUIDE
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with these of this information as to other UltraChrome, and MicroWeave and of Corporation. UltraSmooth and PhotoEnhance and and and myEpsonPrinter.com service of America, Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Notices Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. America, Inc. CPD-
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
Introduction This information and using the and It to to its and troubleshooting information, the following: The Reference summary of and and other cleaning and the head, and using the to easy reference. The on-screen Network the CD-ROM instructions and using Notes, and Please follow these as this WARNINGS to injury. to to Notes information about hints to the of
Introduction the and options that currently and offers these optional and Optional Option only); C12C815321 instructions this option these user-replaceable items: and user-replaceable C12C890501 C12C815331 C12C811241 44-inch Core only) C815121 Cartridges You purchase optional and and from Professional Authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Where To You firmware, and and and troubleshooting from U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support). technical and service-related please service as stated service If service please the Americas Corporation information to service To stand-alone or should these IBM PC with or higher recommended Microsoft XP Professional Edition, or XP At least 2GB of RAM (4GB or recommended) At least 32GB of software and Quad-speed CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet Ethernet PC and To or should these OS or higher Introduction
Introduction improperly shielded than the to malfunction. USB to the G5, or higher At least 2GB of RAM (4GB or recommended) At least 32GB of software and or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to and
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. The about and the about without the or four people the the enough around You the of heavy or the The properly or to and humidity. the from sunlight, strong light, or heat to and the from areas. from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the where the easily only the type of indicated the the to properly grounded using the as or that switches and off. outlets switches or timers. the that with the of another fire or shock. The with the only. with other fire or shock. or cord. Introduction
Introduction the off the this POWER OFF appears the LCD and the light flashes. the or off the to the the off and the light flashing. This that the head capped. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the or cover the the the the head instructed to service technician; otherwise the through the to the to service the yourself. the from the the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. the the head the right California only: The lithium this Perchlorate apply, www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate.
too force when that previously Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the cool, If off with and If them immediately with them the the the within months of or try to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours The IC the of information, which allows to and freely. However, each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the covers or unnecessary, to from items that the touches. the supply its surrounding or the IC the of the Doing and Introduction
Introduction These the the the the otherwise noted. cover Interface optional USB interface AC includes each of Casters Network interface
light light and light and LCD light head cleaning LCD arrow or Introduction release light and OK feed counter
Introduction
Chapter the WARNING: people to and the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or locations of interference, such as TVs, or conditioners. This chapter includes the following information: and assembling the and Connecting the Connecting to and the software or the the Unpacking and Assembling the Follow these to and its to and the least inches to the shown: inches the inches the
the assembly, of approximately: the and the and and Assembling the the and from the Then the containing the and Unpack the and these items. wrench screws with washers
to the section. the the as shown. (The and R. the with as shown. the wrench to the the
the the the right and with as shown. the casters.
the and to the WARNING: or people to the the and Mounting It the the items shown below: the and other from around the four people the the and software CD
the Mount the the as shown, the with the the of the the to the with the wing screws and washers.
the The cloth that to the and catches as they If the instructions attaching the the shown below: Cloth the as shown, each of the the Black and round
the the to the the round and the cloth as shown.
the the as shown. the the each of the the
the the both of the the front of the the the each of the
the back the as shown. the around the the back of the the
the the the the front of the the of the the the of the
the the of the as shown. the to the of the as shown: to Completing and Connecting the Cord the
the Attaching the The cloth sheet that to the and catches as they If the instructions attaching the the shown below. Cloth of the to the front of the as shown, each Black
the to the the other to the back of the the
the the to the as shown. the round and the cloth as shown:
the the as shown. the the each of the the
the the both of the the front of the the the each of the
the back the as shown. the to the the back of the the
the the back of the and the to the the back of the the the the front of the
the of the the the of the the the as shown. the
the the to the of the as shown: with the section to the and the cord. Completing and Connecting the Cord the to the or right of the the the Unlock the casters. Then the to the of (The casters the the casters
and these areas: the front the cover the the cover and the and the
the the to the AC the back of the The the following sections the the instructions the the the front and the and the to the the front cover.
outlet that or switch. off the and the to the or right of the back and the to the of the as shown. right the the the to the the properly grounded the
the The cover or to the cover to to the that with charging. the process, of the each to used. The shipped with to charge the of as as Press the to the INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE appears the LCD and the cover slightly. the cover.
the from their then each about seconds. the location of the to each the the each with the arrow the then its clicks each the the the Cartridge (VM) (C) Black (PK) (Y) Black (MK)
the Charging about off the the or the front cover or covers while the light flashing, or the the cover. The charging the and the light flashes. charging completed, to READY appear the instructions. Connecting to You USB and/or Ethernet USB the and shielded feet or To to RJ-45 CAT-5 To directly to interface, RJ-45 CAT-5 that both the and the turned off.
USB Network With or the the Account or the interface the the the other of the the or switch or the Software Follow these to the software turned off. Turn the software CD-ROM The automatically. the
the With XP, New this Next and Next Click Click the the and to the the the connected;
You of the www.epson.com/support. the the created the and OK If the FILE the with then the software CD-ROM. If to the on-screen Network to the section to the firmware, necessary. the Software Follow the below to the software Turn and the software CD-ROM CD or DVD Double-click the Click the
the If that the of the the the Applications and the the Then software. Click the the and Follow the instructions to software and and to the Professional and the CD. prompted. of the following:
If to the the field this OS and from Click the then and OS the Click You the Browser: USB and while the and the becomes Then More and such as EPSON TCP/IP Select from the and the
the You the to to firmware, necessary.
USB when the firmware Dont off the while the firmware information using the LFP Remote to the on-screen To and functionality to should of firmware the and necessary. Checking the Press the Press the PRINTER STATUS highlighted, then Press and the firmware displayed. the Downloading and the Click the EPSON LFP Remote You the LFP Remote then click the the OK to the EPSON LFP and the firmware from the If to the manually, U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support), then Downloads Choose the firmware or and follow the instructions the turned its LCD READY and connected to or then choose Click and the firmware that and extracted. Select the and Choose or If the firmware of the to the process. (If the to the
the the software, to and If the satisfactory, If to the head, as the the and LFP Remote If connected to follow the instructions the section to the the Network Once the connected to follow these to Turn the The EpsonNet searches the and displays the MAC and IP each that Highlight the that to and to the TCP/IP selection If necessary, instructions assigning IP information the the on-screen Network
Chapter and Other The and of including and sheets to inches the or inches the You heavy such as to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting the the Selecting offers of coated, and art as as other The following shows the Supported sheets to to to to inches to to to to inches to to to Thickness to
and Other of the purchasing or If or other to and instructions. One of the professional selecting that specifically offers of professional of professional from to wide-format the Professional www.proimaging.epson.com or Professional Authorized about Follow these as as those included when and other touching the with the or to or scratch the choose the software or OS X) instructions. the or both the software and the or or OS X) instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to where they to high humidity, or sunlight.
You with or 3-inch and of to inches the or inches the Manually switching process. to follow the as as these its the and To feeding the appear the LCD Press the Source the appears. or Choose the to each printed. Choose to of and them together or the only). If heavy to increase the suction the lightweight the suction the the when Selecting the type of to the type the Press Press or to PAPER SETUP then Select PAPER TYPE then the that as then the OK to the Press to the and Other
and Other If appear the the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If the the You to with to which the this this Quality Enhanced only) Tracing Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced sheets only) Other the to with other types. Enhanced Enhanced
You to switch the of the from to instructions. Tracking and the the tracking This the of the that the type, length, and the the turned or the the and the amount of displayed the LCD You when the nearly The when the release PAPER OUT appears the Then follow these to the Press Press or to PAPER SETUP then Press to ROLL PAPER REMAINING Press to REMAINING PPR SETUP Press ON and OK Press to back to REMAINING PPR SETUP Press to ROLL PAPER LENGTH Press then the of the the from to to then OK Press then to ROLL LENGTH ALERT Press then the which to from to to then OK Press to the and Other
and Other the the the cover. the firmly, then the to the
the top of the If necessary, the to the of the 2-inch 3-inch and Other
and Other Release the both the the both of the Then the
the to the right touches the the to the with the the and Other
and Other the the to the right to the both of the the
the to the If the release light the release Loading the the the and and Other
and Other the front cover to the front cover while or might affected. If the to the suction the button. the suction to the loaded. the cover. Press the release Press the to the or the to automatically. If the about the correct, or then the Press OK If the of the or the to the To or creasing the from the and it when
The built-in might to of Cutting Manually with the the On manually finished. You the to of the Source the the LCD Press and release the the selection appears, CUT then OK The If the the built-in the to the to the Then manually. You the right of On) or the right and Press Press to the Press to PAGE LINE then Press or to ON Press OK to the appears to ON Press to the You specify from software. instructions, or or OS X). and Other
and Other from the the cover. Press the release to release the If tracking the and information printed. If using the the rewound automatically.
If using the to the manually. the to release Then the the to the and from the and Other
and Other the that top of the the then the from the the and its
heavy to increase the suction the This the and lightweight the suction the You of and other The from to inches the or inches the You the when from the and How the its thickness: the section below. thicker than Loading the first). You without the release This scratching and and the turned and the cover closed. Press the Source the appears the LCD and Other
and Other the sheet the the right of the straight and with the the cover. Press The automatically. If the about the correct, or then the Press OK finished, the the To the while holding the
You to increase the suction the This the and Loading Thick the first). The that than thick and inches which should only). the turned and the cover closed. Press the Source the appears the LCD Press the release the the the right and top of the straight and with the and the and Other
and Other If head You the PLATEN GAP to WIDE If that the to WIDER To the the NARROW when thick Press the release Press the to the or the to automatically. If the about the correct, or then the Press OK finished, the the To the while holding the the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the STANDARD the satisfactory when thin or thick to this Press Press to the and highlight PLATEN GAP Press STANDARD selected as the the or to choose NARROW WIDE WIDER or WIDEST Press OK to the appears to the selected Press to the
If selected the following appear the of the to of the or switch to the back to STANDARD. If and the to to information. the The attaches to and catches as they The from or scratched. You to catch the the or front of the Catching Printouts of the Follow the below to the front of the this than thick or that inches or the or inches or the If the they front of the as shown below. and Other Narrow
and Other the the back of the the the the front of the and Then the the front of the that the Then the that smoothly the cloth.
To feed allow to the Catching Printouts the Follow these to catch the the and the front of the the then the front of the the the front of the with the and Other
and Other than inches (A1) If the the the based inches (A1) or
the If using the of the the the back of the the then the and the front of the the and Other
and Other You the LFP Remote from the software CD. the choose type software, the the to the or the the below. You or of each type to types) and the whenever Creating To type, the to the Then follow these Press then or to PAPER SETUP Press then to CUSTOM PAPER Press then or to to Press to the Press or to PAPER TYPE then Press or to type, then Press OK to Press to back to the Press or to PLATEN GAP then Press the to NARROW STANDARD WIDE or WIDER The STANDARD types. Press OK to the then to back to the Press or to THICKNESS PATTERN, then Press OK to the thickness to the following printed:
the the Choose the with the the shown the the the THICKNESS NUMBER highlighted. Press or to the that noted then OK Press then to of the options shown below. as and OK to each Then to to the You the software. instructions, or OS X). PAPER FEED ADJUST Choose white or higher DRYING TIME with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the PAPER SUCTION the suction when thin such as or SET ROLL PAPER TENSION the to HIGH or HIGHER cloth or thin or the REMOVE SKEW reduce thin or the TEST PRINT to of showing the each and Other
and Other You showing the This easy to the type of Press then to highlight TEST PRINT. Press Press to CUSTOM PAPER, then Press OK to Selecting Once created it whenever that Press then or to PAPER SETUP Press then to PAPER TYPE then Press to CUSTOM PAPER then Press or to the to Press OK The selected displayed the LCD with Press to the The selected the LCD.
Chapter With the updated and that become or with and that and ICC included, the features Photoshop or other or the color-managed Photoshop and the and from instructions. You own the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right to basic the and from the CD-ROM. instructions. If the to correctly. This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing options Choosing Choosing Choosing options Choosing advanced and white Choosing options exporting, and of
With or or as the and right to the and the inch to the with because to the of the If to slightly than the the below inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches* inches inches (with Expand) (with
If information about the Choosing The offers that and when using You choose and Follow these to the to and You the selected, then the or Preferences button. (If or instead. Then click or Preferences You the following: This shows the cant them from With
With If the selected The Quality the selected. or Select that to the the information. If choose type and that match the ICC If type or them clicking the Custom information about If the type the the of the following: type of photographic Black or other non-photographic the Quality choose Quality or Quality choose Quality to the following:
the Speed/Quality to the from the following options and OK High fast, bidirectional Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the You choose of these the Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. EPSON increases the this photographs. Click Custom then follow the instructions to options Selecting the Correct The the the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca If the the You to with to which the With
With this this Doubleweight Enhanced Enhanced Tracing Others Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Enhanced sheets only) Other the to with other types.
Choosing The offers the including turning the off. If using Photoshop or another to the advanced and off the as instructions Photoshop to the or Preferences the selected. the Custom With
With If off the as Choose of the following or ICM the Advanced the the Choose this when Photoshop or other software. instructions. specify brightness, and CMY or choose from three You choose from and or to
the to the ICM based the ICC the Matching You choose the input and other as shown below. applying rather than the instructions. Click OK to Choosing Follow the this section to and and (If On the or Preferences the selected. the Source or The allows to of without them. This option with and With
With Creating the of feeding the of the of selected as the Source the the of or output To the of creating recommended. Select You this then the of inch (or and Then OK If to reduce or the information. If to without If to that than information about
Click the to option. Choose Expand or then OK to to the of the You the to the the specify You to slightly than the to without information. The shown the with the the to the amount of You white around the to the This increase the amount of Click the Option You this With
With These through the Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each Normal the and each individually. This the allows to and With of the or You white Choose this to the manually, the optional or without instructions operating the manually. Select these options, necessary: than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the width of the right and of finished, OK Choosing Follow the this section to and (If On the or Preferences the selected.
the Source the the of the the If the of listed, Select You this With
With then the of inch (or and Then OK If to the Printable then If to to the of the If to that to the and right of the the top and of the instructions). Click the and choose or to to the of the You the to the amount of the specify You to slightly than the to without If to reduce or the the section information.
Select Landscape when to Choosing You Follow these to reduce or On the or Preferences the You this Select the and Click Reduce/Enlarge to the You to or to or Custom and If the of selected. The increase the to and the to within the the of and the reduced the With
With You to the created to and Click to the background of the Click the to the Click to the and other information about the top or of the Click the to and OK Choosing If and to its performance, and as the Then, whenever that the the of and You the to Click the the You this Select the to match ICC These the the when turn off software).
Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the Drying with and smearing the reduce Choose white or higher Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD Thickness reduce and when thick or thin the thicknesses. Tension the when the when selected. selecting OK With
With On the other the through
Click the Custom You this: that correct, type the type, and the following: To the to right the them the Select the of the and To the to that the Custom the of the the location, and To from with that the Custom the to and to the shown With
With Exporting, and Custom You of them with the profile/printer/ink/media You them as that with others, who them the includes of You them to of the and then them You or items the to the and Exporting Custom Follow the instructions this chapter to the Click the the top of the or You this: that correct, type the group, and
the following: To the to right the the necessary, and To the to that the the of the the location, and Custom To from shared with that Select the Click the to and to the To the to right the the Select necessary, and Loading To the associated with the that with the Then the following and and the Highest Quality Chroma Others Click To group, its the Select necessary), of the that match and With
With Editing Click the then the item to You the following: and the items to rearrange them or items the Not finished,
If the the button the selecting JOB CANCEL and the OK button. with that and or them. The each which appears the when the and You these the and and Preferences the the appears: You the Stop to You and If the to appear, off. the section instructions. With Click to Click the displayed
With If to of the the to You the and to Click the then the and You this Select from the following High of of the as cache. If to to the High Copy to the right. whether or the displayed when EPSON the software Selecting this option recommended conflicts with other software. off the that appear when the RAW using the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or
the this or the head while to allows to the or (such as Photoshop) that the of as allows or graphics to or other based Allow Applications to ICM allows the halftone to the This processing, computers, and that the This and and the of allows to the of Click OK to With
With Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the Click the then the Preferences You this Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut the to the or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of shared and to other Click OK to
Chapter With the and that become or with and that and ICC ColorSync included, Photoshop or other or the Photoshop and the and from instructions. You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right the and from the CD-ROM. If OS to and the the Utility. instructions and the If the to correctly. This chapter includes the following information OS X: Choosing and Choosing options Choosing options Choosing Choosing options of Creating and
With the to when with or option, or as the and right to the and the inch to with the option the with this to the of the If with the option, should slightly than the of the and the option. the below (with Expand) inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches only (with Custom (with
the options. to the If theyre turned off With With OS and If OS or follow the instructions below. If using OS Choosing and You choose from options sheets or You the of and the creating recommended to the of the following than Margins the top and of the only. Once selected options, to The offers that and when You choose and the to and Click the arrow to the necessary. Click to the
With If information about the button. If the the to the and selecting Choose from the Click the If choose the of the and of the options below. Then with If recommends that to the of instructions. Select
With to as Select the then choose the The following the choose: The with than the top and Expand) sheets and to to the of the (without Sheet the You to slightly than the width to without Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of information.
With If the or the them to them the and selecting the specify You to it slightly than the to without information. of without them, with of without them. If choose Custom from the (If to Click to Click the Untitled and then its and and OK Select from the Choose the and
With Select from the You this If created the or option the Select the that to the the information. the option as follows: Select to the Choose this when color-managed ICC Photoshop or another software instructions. Select then choose of the shown the the Select
With The Quality the selected. Choose or the EPSON increases the this photographs. Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. Choose of the following Quality Choose of the following advanced options: MicroWeave of types). High fast, bidirectional higher this option. of vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended
You to the Color created to and With Choosing Follow these instructions and to its performance. Select Advanced from the You this Select the to match ICC These using the the Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the Drying with and smearing the
With reduce Choose white or higher Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD the thicknesses. Tension the when the when selected.
These through the With Choosing If choose of the options as the as to these and feeding options. Select from the You this Normal Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each the the and each individually. This the allows to and With of the previous or You white
With cutting. Choose this to the manually, the optional or without cutting. instructions using the to the Select the following than the of the The rotated and crosswise. this option to the of from the the right and of feeding the of the of when selected with the option).
With To the amount of when with the Expand option, from the You this the to increase or the amount of The shown the with the the to the amount of You white around the to the This increase the amount of
With If the each the through them from top to through them repeatedly, or and the without or Creating Custom Preset and Once the This when the Select Summary from the that correct, from the and OK ready to the Whenever to with from the
If the the the selecting JOB CANCEL and the OK With Print, the of Follow these Click the the If necessary, (and You this: From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished, the then
With the options. to the If theyre turned off If information about the With OS If OS follow the instructions below. If OS or Choosing options choose from options or You the of and the creating recommended to the of the following than Margins the top and of the only. the to and You this the Format and Select
With Click the If choose the of the using and of the options below. Then with If that to the of instructions. to as Select the then choose the The following the choose: The sheet with than the top and Expand) and to to the of the (without
With the You to slightly than the to without Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of information. the You to slightly than the to without information. of without them, with of without them. If choose Custom from the (If to Click to Click the Untitled and then its and and OK Select from the
With Choose the and Click OK Then with the instructions the section. Choosing Once selected to The offers that and when You choose and Select You the shown below: Choose from the Select
With to Advanced information about the Select from the You this If created the or option the the that to the the information. If color-managed choose type and that match the ICC the of the following: Color/B&W type of photographic Black or other non-photographic
The Quality the selected. Choose or the With the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears, to the of You choose of the shown the the Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. EPSON increases the this photographs. Click Advanced to as the Choose of the following Quality Choose of the following advanced MicroWeave of types). High fast, bidirectional higher this option. of vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and with the instructions to If the Photoshop or another to off the
With Choosing Follow these instructions to the Select from the then Advanced You this Select of the following to choose from three and from Click the arrow to Advanced to specify brightness, and CMY the to off ColorSync to applying rather than the If choose this choose ColorSync from the and choose or other
You to the created to and With to the Choose this when color-managed ICC Photoshop or another software instructions. Choosing Follow these instructions and to its performance. Select from the You this Select the to match ICC These the the Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the Drying with and smearing the
With These through the reduce Choose white or higher Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD the thicknesses. Tension the when the when selected. Choosing If choose of the options as the as to these and feeding options. Normal Select Option from the You this Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each
With the the and each individually. This the allows to and With of the previous or You white cutting. Choose this to the manually, the optional or without cutting. instructions the to the Select of the following when selected with the option): the right and of feeding the of the of
With If the each screen the through them from top to through them repeatedly, or To the amount of when with the option, from the You this the to increase or the amount of The shown the with the the to the amount of You white around the to the This increase the amount of Creating Custom and Once the This when the Select Summary from the
and the without or With that correct, from the and OK ready to the to with from the
With If the the the selecting JOB CANCEL and the OK Print, the of Follow these Click the the If necessary, (and You this: From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished, the then
With Selecting the Correct The following the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com U.S. www.epson.ca If using the the You to with to which the this Select this Doubleweight Quality Enhanced only) Tracing Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced Synthetic Enhanced
With this Select this Enhanced sheets only) Other the to with other types. Enhanced
Chapter With Profiles the specifically and type. with of the and their types, types) or types). to the of software and appears and This the to the and Follow the instructions this chapter to Photoshop CS, CS2, or CS3 to with Photoshop (the only CS3 Its to turn off software when Photoshop or of these sections instructions: With below With With Profile First Photoshop and assign to then and Photoshop and Profile Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop or
With Profiles The shown You this Select U.S. Prepress or North America Prepress from the to RGB as the Click OK the to If Profile Mismatch the and OK If Profile Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and If they Assign Profile or Assign Profile Then of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the
If This reduces the that the within the Select then or with Click More or More then Click as necessary, and OK Photoshop Colors or Photoshop Colors Profile or Profile and the such as PhotoPaper250.icc the or Relative or and the Black With Profiles
With Profiles Selecting and Click the or and or OS and Select the the of the to of the following: OS and to OS
that or Color If the apply correction to the If selected the of and OS then Click to photo. With Profile First Photoshop and to then and Photoshop and Profile Photoshop. Select from the With Profiles
With Profiles The shown You this Select U.S. or North America Prepress from the to RGB as the Click OK the to If Profile Mismatch the and OK If Profile Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and If they Assign Profile or Assign Profile Then of the following as the Profile RGB (or such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1
If This reduces the that the within the the the of choice the from the and OK Select then or with Click More or then Photoshop Colors or Photoshop Colors Profile or Profile and the such as PhotoPaper250.icc the or Relative or and the Black checkbox. With Profiles
With Profiles that If the apply correction to the If selected the of and Selecting and Click the button, and or Preferences the selected. Select the the of the to the Custom Then Click OK then to photo.
Chapter and Transporting the The and to their This chapter the following Checking Checking and cleaning the head the head the and Performing the the Cleaning the Transporting or the to the features this chapter, the the to of information, Checking the the amount of the of and the of and other information. You the section), or the the LCD or
and Transporting the You the and yourself. Other to authorized service technician. You the of from to inches and the instructions. Information The shows of the the count, and the of the the Press Press to TEST PRINT then Press to STATUS SHEET then Press OK to Information Press Press to PRINTER STATUS then of the following: To the firmware To the amount of to INK LEVEL then The of the first displayed. to the of the To capacity the to MAINTENANCE TANK then The each displayed. the the To history, to JOB HISTORY then the the the and The as the To the of to TOTAL PRINTS then To the of the myEpsonPrinter.com, to EDM STATUS then
On clicking the the or the the If shortcut to the right-click and to to the Press to the information about the Checking From the The with the of the and the of the Follow the below to the to the of the following to the and Click and Sound and Right-click the and Preferences Click the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the OS the EPSON Utility3 Applications Select and OK Click the EPSON and Transporting the
and the On Macintosh, clicking the the or the the If shortcut to the right-click and to to the The software the amount of the and and displays of these OS Checking and Cleaning the Head If shows or should the head to or deflected. If necessary, cleaning to clear the You from the The then the or each and them necessary. the and Head Cleaning Follow these to software to the head and them necessary: the of the following to the and Click and Sound and Devices and Right-click the and Preferences Click the
Dont cleaning while thick the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the OS the EPSON Utility3 Applications Select and OK You the following: OS the and follow the instructions the the printed, least to If the as shown below, the head clean. If or or deflected, as shown below, cleaning as Then another to the clean. If the three cleaning cleaning as and Transporting the
and Transporting the Dont cleaning while thick the Checking and Cleaning the Head the You from the and to whether or deflected. Then cleaning necessary. Press Press TEST PRINT selected, then NOZZLE CHECK selected. Press then OK to the the printed, least to If the as shown below, the head clean. If or or deflected, as shown below, cleaning as Then another to the clean. If the three cleaning cleaning as Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The the and cleans them necessary. You often this to or this off. You it yourself. Press PRINTER SETUP selected. Press Press AUTO NOZZLE CHECK selected, then
Dont cleaning while thick the Select of the following, then OK ON: PERIODICALLY The its and cleaning ON: EVERY JOB The its and cleaning each This amount of (and and recommended OFF The and cleaning Press then PRINT NOZZLE PATTERN and Select ON: EVERY PAGE to the each or ON: EVERY PAGES or OFF These only when Press OK to the Cleaning You of cleaning from the (or from the LFP cleaning, cleaning, and cleaning each of the cleaning only the cleaning to clear the The of as The to least to cleaning. You to to the cleaning cleaning, the to the head cleaning, as the ready and the light the or flashing. Press and Transporting the
and Transporting the You least to the deflected To properly the head, or Press MAINTENANCE selected, then Press CLEANING selected, then Select of the following, then NORMAL CLEANING Press OK to the cleaning CLEAN EACH COLOR Press the to clean, then OK to the cleaning POWER CLEANING Press OK to the cleaning cleaning finished and the light flashing, the to that the head clean. effective cleaning, If the or cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning with cleaning If service the Head the head the thing to the If appears they or or or to the head. Although the head the software, easy to from the This the thorough the shortest and If already to the head This that the head correctly. Follow these to the head using the the turned Then Enhanced
You partially to months. If recommends covering the with Press Press or HEAD ALIGNMENT selected, then PAPER THICKNESS selected. Press then the type the and OK Press three then to ALIGNMENT Press to AUTO then UNI-D highlighted. This the type of to with. Press then OK to the process. Each head about The white reads the and the automatically. the front cover or off the this process. the finished, Select HEAD ALIGNMENT then ALIGNMENT Select BI-D ALL and OK to the to head Cartridges should If of the expended, the and then the without of However, to The to from the LCD The the the LCD to the the The the amount of and Transporting the
and Transporting the that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the within months of the the the ready to To reporting the with the turned off. the light flashing and INK LOW appears the LCD the indicated expended. the light and REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE displayed, the expended. You the You of and the following UltraChrome with Cartridge (VM) T642300 T596300 T636300 (C) T642200 T596200 T636200 Black (PK) T642100 T596100 T636100 (Y) T642400 T596400 T636400 Black (MK) T642800 T596800 T636800 You purchase and from Professional Authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the turned Then follow these the of the that or expended. Press the the cover the
WARNING: the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Then the to The the from the Its to first of them the necessary. the the and from its the about seconds and Transporting the
and Transporting the If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing the with the arrow the Then the the clicks Dont force the cover. Once the the to its READY
You the PRINTER SETUP to the counter, and other features. information, the and Press Press MAINTENANCE highlighted, then Press CLOCK SETTING then the and buttons to each item the and displayed the following MM/DD/YY HH:MM Press OK to the allows to and that occasionally. You to the following: the or of the the cleaning of the to their Follow these to the turned off. then the and Press and the the and the LCD displays MAINTENANCE MODE. the and buttons to the below. If to back to the previous To the the LCD to highlight LANGUAGE then Press the then OK to The and to operation. and Transporting the
and Transporting the To the of to highlight LENGTH UNITS then Press to switch from METRIC to FEET/INCH then OK to Press when To the of to highlight TEMPERATURE UNITS then Press to switch from C or to then OK to Press when To the to highlight ROLL PAPER TENSION then Press to the or to increase (from to Press OK to the To cleaning to highlight SS CLEANING then to EXECUTE Press OK to the cleaning To to their to highlight DEFAULT PANEL then to EXECUTE. Press OK to the To off the the Press the to the the operating the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. You from C12C815331). Removing the the turned then follow these to the Press Press MAINTENANCE highlighted, then
Press CUTTER REPLACEMENT highlighted, then Press OK The to the To the cover, the and the screw using cross-head screwdriver. and Transporting the
and Transporting the WARNING: The when the of the with regulations. the New the from its then follow these to the the the the
Tighten the screw cross-head screwdriver. the cover, then clicks Press OK to the process. The to the from the the the the together and the with the the Select the the and OK and Transporting the
and Transporting the the The that flushed from the the charge and and head cleaning. the the MAINTENANCE TANK NEARLY FULL appears the LCD the completely the and MAINTENANCE TANK FULL appears the LCD. You the its the shown below. You its the software or The icon(s) the amount of the The the right and the from C12C890191). The of the On the the right than the To life, switch the when the right reaches to of capacity. Follow these to the If the the LCD to which to or right). Turn off the (only appears the LCD
to from the when upright and of the the of the the of the and the Then the included with the the and the
and Transporting the to the the To the as as the or thinners to clean the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the service think the the or absorption the otherwise Cleaning the To its clean becomes If the inexpensive and to the without Press the clean. Turn off the and the lights off. Then the and the from the front cover and or lint-free cloth to or the Clean the shown below the of the arrows. If necessary, the cloth, the of the then with cloth.
If the back, the If toothpick or to the Then or around the assembly and Transporting the
and Transporting the If the outer dirty, with clean cloth with the closed to from To the the then with and Transporting or the If the the its To the should the and Follow the instructions below to the If the purchase from information. the Shipment Turn off the and the to the the right) and the off. Then the the following and interface or other Optional the
and covers the front cover and the that from the head Then the cover. the from the the casters locked. the wing and washers the to the the them and Transporting the
and Transporting the WARNING: The four people the or the the where provided. the located the hand the holding the while information about the To the should the and If the purchase from information. the the to the such as within the the its casters. the turned off and the the the right). If the back the to the then off the the and interface and the cover. the front cover closed. the as
Release the front casters. the to its location, then the casters. the Transportation the to the first that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to quality. and the
and Transporting the
Chapter You the following the this chapter or the www.proimaging.epson.com. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Checking and lights including clearing with the optional Uninstalling and the The includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If using the and utility, software information. To whether the caused the from the instructions. the www.proimaging.epson.com If of the this chapter as Where To
Explanation BORDERLESS ERROR LOAD SUPPORTED PAPER SIZE OR LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY CALL FOR SERVICE occurred. CANNOT OPEN INK COVER Something the the and the indicated cover. Checking and Lights The includes lights and LCD to the of the light light and light and or appears the LCD and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetical and includes and instructions correcting the The selected and that loaded. The sheet the correctly. correctly. The that the connected correctly. head cleaning light LCD arrow or Press to the the the or the then the off. Then the both and back If the restarting the service as release light and OK feed
Explanation CLEANING ERROR AUTOMATIC HEAD CLEANING FAILED RETRY? YES NO CLEANING ERROR NOT ENOUGH INK. CONTINUE CLEANING? YES (RECOMMENDED) NO CLEANING ERROR NOT ENOUGH EMPTY SPACE IN MAINT TANK. CONTINUE CLEANING? YES (RECOMMENDED) NO COMMAND ERROR CHECK DRIVER SETTINGS CUTTER UNIT NEARING END OF SERVICE LIFE. RECOMMEND REPLACING THE CUTTER UNIT FRONT COVER OPEN CLOSE FRONT COVER F/W INSTALL ERROR UPDATE FAILED RESTART THE PRINTER INK CARTRIDGE INK LOW REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE Head cleaning clear the Press to clear the and the head cleaning If cleaning from the Then the off and back There enough to Select and the cleaning. There enough the to cleaning. You the to the or the incorrect command. The the cover the front cover. the then the firmware The expended. the Select and the Press to the and the the
Explanation INK CARTRIDGE NON-GENUINE CARTRIDGE! QUALITY OF NON-GENUINE INK MAY VARY. NON-GENUINE CARTRIDGE MAY NOT PERFORM AT OPTIMUM. CONTINUE? DECLINE ACCEPT INK CARTRIDGE PLEASE USE GENUINE EPSON INK CARTRIDGES INK CARTRIDGE ERROR REPLACE CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE ERROR PLEASE INSTALL THE CORRECT CARTRIDGE INK COVER OPEN CLOSE RIGHT INK COVER INK LOW cartridge(s) nearly when INK TOO LOW TO CLEAN REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE INK TOO LOW TO CLEAN THE CARTRIDGE BEING USED CAN BE INSTALLED AGAIN FOR PRINTING MAINTENANCE REQUEST to the and service as MAINTENANCE TANK ERROR REPLACE THE LEFT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK Select DECLINE and the installed. with the with cartridge(s) and the the or the You to that with this The cover the cover. Not enough head the cartridge(s) cleaning; cleaning. Not enough head cleaning, enough The the If the incorrectly the the which If the and the with the cartridge(s) cleaning; cleaning finished, the
Explanation MAINTENANCE TANK ERROR REPLACE THE RIGHT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK MAINTENANCE TANK FULL REPLACE THE MAINTENANCE TANK MAINTENANCE TANK REPLACE THE LEFT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK MAINTENANCE TANK REPLACE THE RIGHT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK NO CARTRIDGE INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE NO MAINTENANCE TANK INSTALL THE LEFT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK NO MAINTENANCE TANK INSTALL THE RIGHT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK NOT ENOUGH EMPTY SPACE REPLACE THE RIGHT SIDE MAINTENANCE TANK NOZZLE CHECK ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON NOZZLE CLOG DETECTED NOT ENOUGH INK CONTINUE CLEANING? YES (RECOMMENDED) NO The the If the incorrectly the the which The the the which The the the with of its service life. The the the with of its service life. cartridge(s) or incorrect the the which the the which The too the head cleaning. cleaning Press the to clear the then cleaning If necessary, cleaning from the then the There enough to Select YES then follow the instructions to cleaning. the cartridge(s); the incorrect
Explanation NOZZLE CLOG DETECTED NOT ENOUGH EMPTY SPACE IN MAINT TANK CONTINUE CLEANING? YES (RECOMMENDED) NO PAPER CUT ERROR REMOVE UNCUT PAPER PAPER EJECT ERROR REMOVE PAPER FROM PRINTER PAPER ERROR LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY PAPER JAM REMOVE PAPER PAPER LOW The the finished. PAPER OUT LOAD PAPER PAPER RELEASED LOAD PAPER PAPER SENSOR ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON LOAD DIFFERENT PAPER PAPER SETTING ERROR CHECK THE PAPER SOURCE IN THE DRIVER SETTINGS AND LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY There enough the to cleaning. Press the and the front correctly. cover. the The or or the necessary; incorrectly with the Press the and the correctly. Press the then correctly. the Press the and the information. loaded. The Press the then with loaded. Press the and the Then another The then the pressed. The detected. Press to clear the then the right The selected the and the match. Select YES then follow the instructions to the the Source or and the correctly.
Explanation PAPER SIZE ERROR LOAD CORRECT PAPER SIZE PAPER SKEW LOAD PAPER PROPERLY PRINTER ERROR RESTART THE PRINTER REPLACE MAINTENANCE The TANK SOON nearing the of its service life. SOME NOZZLES ARE Head cleaning CLOGGED clear the WRONG MAIN. TANK RIGHT SIDE MAINT. TANK WRONG TYPE INSERT CORRECT TANK WRONG MAIN. TANK LEFT SIDE MAINT. TANK WRONG TYPE INSERT CORRECT TANK The the matches the match the of the of the straight. Press the and the straight. Press the to off the You to while then back the with the with the with as as the and, there head cleaning.
Explanation TAKE-UP DISCONNECTED SET AUTO TAKE-UP REEL SYSTEM IN PRINTER AND RESTART THE PRINTER TAKE-UP DISCONNECTED AUTO TAKE-UP REEL UNIT IS DISCONNECTED DO YOU CONTINUE? NO YES TAKE-UP ERROR CHECK THE STATUS OF AUTO TAKE-UP REEL UNIT AND RESTART THE PRINTER TAKE-UP ERROR IS ANYTHING OBSTRUCTING THE TAKE-UP REEL SENSOR SYSTEM? LOAD PAPER AGAIN If the optional the following that might appear: The Turn the off, then the correctly. correctly. The Select YES to without correctly. using the NO the off, then the and the the Press the and the correctly. correctly; The nothing the Press the and the correctly; Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, or (Macintosh).
the and light to (If with the turned off, the necessary, as Turn off the High instructions. If of these the the following and cleaning instructions. Turn off the High instructions. the the software correct. If the Choose higher If third-party RIP and the RIP the feed. advanced OS or or OS these the Thickness the to the white and increase If created to the to STD when using the head;
or the and light to (If or with the turned off, the necessary, as Colors incorrect or the the software correct. and cleaning instructions. the head, as the the software correct. If the Choose higher such as Turn off the High instructions. You to OS or OS 10.4.11or these Thickness If created to the to STD when the the If third-party RIP or the reproduction. If using the and cleaning the each of the If the too as Check the and light, and supply as (If with the turned off, the or software correct.
or the each of the If the appears too as appears or the the software correct. smeared. the the software correct. and cleaning the and light and supply as (If with the turned off, the The thickness software OS or OS or to choose the with to the to STD The PLATEN GAP too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions. If to the thickness or software OS or OS 10.4.11or to choose the with to the to STD the or wasnt humidity-free If the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. Turn off the High instructions. The PLATEN GAP too the to the to WIDE or WIDER instructions. and cleaning You to and the If smeared the back of PAPER SIZE CHECK ON the This the of the and the of the
The of The the the or smeared. the other The If the light flashing, the unexpectedly. or to the and lights the the light flashing. The sounds as Follow the instructions to the head. nothing the software correct. If to the thickness or software OS or OS or to choose the with to the to STD If thick the PLATEN GAP incorrect. the to the to WIDE or WIDER; If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: correctly. The securely thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. service If of these try the below. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the the and restarting the and
Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely Then the and incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the or software. OS or OS or instructions. the interface the or The match the Click and Sound Devices and Right-click the then Click the and selected. XP: Click and Other and Right-click the then Click the and selected. Download and the or from the www.proimaging.epson.com. If what expected, the below: Clear Turn off the and the interface securely both the and software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions to the PAPER SKEW CHECK ON the The ROLL PAPER MARGIN the PRINTER SETUP incorrect. information.
printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to the software. only. The to The Follow the instructions to the too Turn the High instructions. the software the the Source software correct. and cleaning Press the the to clear the and the the correctly. appears the LCD If the Source to this the software. Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to when there the or the to
If or frequently, or of the following the Suction information. You this through heavy or thick follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and specifications. the path. the isnt located brightly The correctly. the and Source the software correct. the PLATEN GAP the or information. If to the thickness and
If appears the the Fixing If the too tightly to properly, the attached to the There the and the the to the of the as shown: of the following: If feeding front of the the to the If feeding the the and them to the as shown below:
Clearing the and PAPER JAM the LCD Follow these to clear the the insertion Press the to release the the
the front cover necessary. the To the the around the head or the absorption or the front cover, necessary. Press the to the off and then back
the updated and that become With the Optional If using the optional try these the AC the turned the off and then the and that the securely connected to both the and there enough the as to that the the turn. the switch the which the to the Source to If the light flashes when the or there the nothing impeding the If the light off, the turned off or the disconnected. the instructions included with the Uninstalling and the If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. OS and Select Preferences then Select then the If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
OS the Applications then the Double-click and then If to software, Macintosh. Then follow the instructions to the software. of the following: Click Uninstall Select EPSON Software the XP Click or EPSON Software the and Change/Remove Select and OK Follow the on-screen instructions to software. If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
A: Specifications to to C) Humidity (without Specification to Rated to to Rated or off the the back of information. to to C) to RH to or off to to C) to RH
Specifications Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or and Height inches inches inches inches inches inches (without and and Interfaces USB and Ethernet UL CSA EMC FCC B, CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class inches inches to 2-inch to 3-inch to to thickness to to both and 3-inch 2-inch inches 3-inch inches
Thickness inch PhotoPaper250.icc Black) inch PhotoPaper250.icc inch PhotoPaper260.icc inch inch PhotoPaper170.icc inch PhotoPaper170.icc inch Pro9700_7700_EnhancedMatte inch inch Enhanced Synthetic inch Pro9700_7700_EnhancedSynthetic Enhanced inch Pro9700_7700_EnhancedAdhesive Synthetic SyntheticPaper.icc Information and ICC Profiles recommended Core ICC Specifications
Specifications to A4 inches US-ANSI inches A3 inches A3/B inches A2 inches A1 inches A1 inches A0* inches A0* inches US inches US C inches US inches US E* inches
US-ARCH ARCH inches B5 inches inches ARCH inches ARCH C inches ARCH ARCH E* inches B4 inches B3 inches B2 inches B1* inches B1 Landscape* inches B0 inches B0* inches inches inches inches inches Specifications
Specifications these recommended the right and only. Others inches only Information and ICC Profiles Thickness ICC PhotoPaper.icc Pro9700_7700_PhotoQualityInkJet Enhanced Board.icc inches* inches* inches inches inches
that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from this first of the within months of the Printable inch top and and inch right and the the to or or the top to The allows edge-to-edge Cartridges Cartridge years from within months to F to C); month F C); or Capacity or approximately Specifications
Specifications
B: the Optional or should wound If to and the automatically, the optional only). To the follow the instructions the that with You (with the or (with the The below the of the as indicated the light. light On Ready to Flashing Flashing Flashing The and the and Turned off. light
the Optional WARNING: the properly and turned off If incorrectly or operates unexpectedly, Loading Onto the the the following: Turn off the to injury. that the leading of the straight. the cord. the and the appears the LCD that the the properly. instructions, Press the to Press the to the of the with the the section to or to backward.
the switch the to and enough to least three of the the and the least inches the the to Prints the leading of the to the three Press the to the and the Optional
the Optional Prints the of the around the back of the as shown below, then the leading of the to the three Press the to feed the and the switch the to to least three of the the and the
WARNING: the while injury. Turn off the the the operates unexpectedly, the Once the and attached to to the switch to or the to the the the the the to ready to the switch to Press the to the the Optional
the Optional To the to the and then the with to from the from the both of the the 2-inch Core You 2-inch the the First to the the from the pinching the
the that the the Then the and the the the from the the the Optional
the Optional the that the the Then the and the the Core the released. Then the the to the
of the the the the the the other of the the Optional
the Optional Turn the to the front to the
C: Summary This the functions of the lights and buttons (below), the informational and the LCD and the and Lights light light and light and the and off temporarily Accesses the Source Selects the On, or feed head cleaning light LCD arrow or when the to READY seconds, the Selects and within the PRINTER STATUS back to within release light and OK
Summary feed the Press and to feed the OK within the head cleaning cleaning the head If this the the selected cover release or or releases the reduces suction within increases suction within seconds when selected, the loaded, displays the LCD seconds when the the and the
Lights Checking and Lights instructions to indicated the lights. Light On: turned On: or On: loaded, the selected match the or the too thick head cleaning On: expended, or with the release or On: released Summary or turned off ready or straight nearly the
Summary LCD Source with On with Narrow when ROLL PAPER MARGIN selected the PRINTER SETUP when the ROLL PAPER COUNTER turned the PRINTER SETUP expended, or (flashing) nearly Option
Summary Press the to and the PRINTER SETUP PLATEN GAP the from the head to the PAGE LINE Selects whether to off ROLL PAPER MARGIN Selects the PAPER SIZE CHECK Selects whether the to the of the matches the selected ON recommended). PAPER SKEW CHECK Selects whether the feeding straight PAPER SKEW the LCD and If OFF the of of the REFRESH MARGIN Selects whether to AUTO NOZZLE CHECK Selects whether to the head or each PRINT NOZZLE PATTERN Selects whether to every or INITIALIZE SETTINGS the PRINTER SETUP to their Summary STANDARD WIDE or WIDER smeared NARROW thin WIDEST thick DEFAULT around) TOP/BOTTOM left/right) TOP 35/BOTTOM around) around)
Summary TEST PRINT NOZZLE CHECK Prints STATUS SHEET Prints showing the of and NETWORK STATUS Prints showing the SHEET the on-screen Network JOB INFORMATION Prints sheet showing information about the CUSTOM PAPER Prints information about created; MAINTENANCE CUTTER ADJUSTMENT the CUTTER REPLACEMENT to the CLEANING head cleaning cleaning, cleaning, or cleaning; CLOCK SETTING the and PRINTER STATUS VERSION the INK LEVEL the of the the MAINTENANCE TANK the of the or JOB HISTORY the amount of and the TOTAL PRINTS the of printed. EDM STATUS the myEpsonPrinter.com. If the and the and of the displayed.
PAPER SETUP ROLL PAPER REMAINING the tracking and this ON the ROLL PAPER LENGTH and ROLL LENGTH ALERT to track of the PAPER TYPE Selects the type the Proofing Others CUSTOM PAPER NO PAPER SELECTED CUSTOM PAPER Selects the each the Custom CUSTOM PAPER PAPER TYPE Selects the type that to the Others PLATEN GAP the from the head to the THICKNESS PATTERN Prints thickness THICKNESS NUMBER head PAPER FEED ADJUST the amount of to to Choose white or higher Summary STANDARD WIDE or WIDER smeared NARROW thin WIDEST thick
Summary DRYING TIME Selects to smearing (from to seconds). PAPER SUCTION the when thin or backlight SET ROLL PAPER the to when TENSION cloth or thin REMOVE SKEW HEAD ALIGNMENT PAPER THICKNESS Selects the type or thickness the head. ALIGNMENT Selects and head of types. NETWORK SETUP the on-screen Network NETWORK SETUP Select to or IP ADDRESS SETTING Select to the IP or manually. IP, SM, DG SETTING the IP selecting the manually. BONJOUR Select the necessary. INIT NETWORK SETTING the to their OPTIONS SETUP the of the only). STANDARD to STANDARD HIGH HIGHER