IP Office Communication Platform Cover Graphic the graphic directly the about the flow. Select Graphics and the following Width: Height: This text should then
IP Office EN/LZTBS R2A AB
Table of Welcome the On/Off Incoming Information Mailbox Other Microsoft Troubleshooting IP Office of
IP Office to the the IP Office the Communication Platform from Ericsson. The Communication Platform consists of Compact, and The features this related to or higher of the Platform. might earlier of the and/or might protected that to bought The the of the Communication Platform and the IP Office with There the phone Please further information. The phone and Underneath the telephone, DBC and DBC to which The of this from: IP Office IP telephone conforming to the H.323 only with (LAN) that this type of telephone. The IP Office the (DHCP) of IP If DHCP the LAN, please
IP Office Copyright rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written of the publisher with the following If this publication its to downloading and of the this and redistribution. of this publication to or from of or publication. Warranty ERICSSON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS MATERIAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or with the furnishing, performance or of this Declaration of Conformity AB, S-131 that this conformity with the and other of the R&TTE 1999/5/EC. to found
IP Office Information instructions these instructions telephone or connected the following should to reduce of fire, shock and other Follow instructions the user or other location and which telephones: with the indicated. If of the type of to the building, property or telephones: the telephone's where to mechanical as this the If the supply or the and service with this comply with EN/IEC and AS/NZS or to without from the Unauthorized or the authority to the the telephone to the of the of the or the bathtub, and or that of the or the service agency when service or required. telephone (other than type)
IP Office The and the The phone from the LAN or from AC/ AC AC/AC below or rating RES 20VA 230V/24V HBP RES 20VA 230V/24V HBP Great RES 20VA 120V/24V USA AC2410F1 ADU240100) of the should Please of products. Welcome
IP Office
IP Office graphical section Information To switch the section To numbers, Can as function section To the of outgoing and incoming the flashing, there incoming section To initiate or the Designation Card to and cards. The Card included the Telephone CD Communication which of the Reference To switch the microphone or off section To switch off the or when section Navigation To the section To the section To the section Select To switch the or off. section To Preset section Accessories Used as the section to the Select and section
IP Office section Clear off To or function. Can instead of the To the section To off from the section off to the and off section with hearing function Please The attract and the Pull-out (optional) section Accessories section Press the to the section Access the Mailbox (optional, only) The section Microphone (optional, only) Used
Extinguished The function active. The function active, Steady light or heard flashing New the incoming to flashing to or to Light with IP Office functions the and that shown the the shown and C). The below which to each Select Indications The telephone with the of the or function. off* least
IP Office Information The feedback information such as and and connected phone numbers. information with three this that the or action. information with this that further action You the and the section the the shows: and Missed SOS shown, the the the shows: and Called and internal Called Calling and internal and Additional information, reason, the text the text of the shown or The of when might that their numbers, this the shows Incoming..... If to the shown the (Please whether the
Indicates the If the too to shown the appears as or New Indicates and incoming the The the this to or Missed Indicates incoming the list.The the this to Incoming Indicates incoming the o Indicates outgoing the If checked, the respective option selected. This that the respective option selected. Access warning. Flashes when the to services reduced IP Office
IP Office Below the each of the that selected when the pressed. through the the selected highlighted with Character Restriction Option Unit Hearing Network This to view-only. the the IP Office functions might Format Format Combined LAN DHCP GW SW DHCP Proxy Proxy Proxy GK Discovery GK VLAN LAN VLAN PC
tone ready to tone ready to The tone active active information or tone repeated to party) tone (Called tone (Called or Waiting tone Congestion tone to or tone that function accessed) Intrusion tone to Intrusion) repeated repeated Callback IP Office Tones Tones the from the The tones and this to the countries.
the On/Off If phone properly, the following to the This clear the the to the Press least to the IP Office the On/Off IP the the this and the phone connected to the (LAN), phone the when connected to the Notes: The phone the automatically. when requested, the phone the phone
IP Office the the IP phone the the the phone to the the section, the and telephone the from to the and the sections this chapter to with the the phone connected to the initiates the when connected to the Notes: The when occurs.After the the cleared. the (booting) connected PC about seconds. the On/Off
the On/Off identity. (The to entry.) Press. If required, the shows and the ready (The to entry.) Press. If user identity and accepted, the with the IP Office LAN authentication) only). telephone might authentication to to the this identity and The identity and the authentication the identity and to The obtained from, and the LAN ID: The with or numbers, section and If identity and accepted,
IP Office The shows: to IP The counting seconds. If this selected automatically. You the the The to the IP This The that the connecting to the and the software This about the ready or ready To section the On/Off
the On/Off Press to the software The software about seconds, then the automatically. If to to the previously Press to the of the software IP Office software If software IP-telephone LAN the following displays might appear: bootrom The counting seconds. If this (approximately. seconds), selected automatically. You the the It that the from the phone while the software and If the software
The that the shown. If the displayed Press to If the the with the shown The displayed when The shows the Press to If required, the shows and the phone ready IP Office The following options You to and off the This the option. The with You or off. This option receptions The telephone with as option with and Option SOS function with: EXTENSION the On/Off
the On/Off The obtained from the and the Press to IP Office Option SOS function SOS with: If the SOS function the text SOS shown. The SOS might countries. If requested, the shows: Notes: The previous The to Telephone the with or numbers,, section and The shows and and the ready SMITH JOHN
Press to Press and the least second. Press to If required, the shows and and the phone ready If requested: (The to Press to The shows and and the ready IP Office Option The following displayed, and the phone ready CONFERENC ROOM It to off, when to this option. Option The phone with the You with own and CONFERENC ROOM The text displayed. Telephone phone the with or numbers,, section and the the off, and then with the the On/Off
the On/Off the first character written and the of the written Every with character (that force the phone to characters as only, or only, below. Press to switch and characters as or This the characters A-Z. Press to entry. IP Office and You the each the To the once, to C three and If the to the created the than second. the shown around the characters. If the following character options shown the Press character or selected each the
off Press to off. Press and the least second. The text off? displayed. Press to (within four seconds). The displayed. IP Office EXTENSION the On/Off
Incoming the to the Press without the Press without the You connected the and microphone. Press to terminate IP Office Incoming flashing and the incoming the shows: Incoming CHRIS phone only).
You to another from office. the You Press. IP Office To another The to another from country to country, Camp-on, Callback, Waiting Incoming
To internal and directory to internal the and the the established, the shows the other partys and the the calling, sections Common Abbreviated and Dial-by-Name or the or to the IP Office to the of the The shows the the the immediately.
or Press without the the internal or the established, connected to the other the and microphone. Press to terminate IP Office only). calling, sections Common Abbreviated and Dial-by-Name and section
initiate the of whether the or of of Press to the and the The Callback from country to country, Camp-on, Callback, pick-up, Intrusion or the or to the You back the finishes the or the the finishes You to within seconds, otherwise the Callback service the when back. The automatically. IP Office You using the section Callback You and tone or This free: Press.
IP Office You and Camp-on You of tone this function allowed). Press to camp-on. off the the automatically. Notes: If the tone the allow Camp-on. The Camp-on from country to country, Camp-on, Callback, pick-up, Intrusion You this function allowed). Press to Intrusion tone heard and three-party established. the the and off the recalled automatically. Notes: If hear the the authority to or the protected Intrusion. The Intrusion from country to country, Camp-on, Callback, pick-up, chapter
centrally Communication Platform. Common Abbreviated from every that the authority to the Common Abbreviated Please to telephone directory. Head Office Press to IP Office Abbreviated Abbreviated as Common Abbreviated the and the the telephone or the to Common Abbreviated Dial-by-Name If functions or numbers, them the of telephone. of of them, chapter To the function or the the
To numbers, to authorized the the and the Abbreviated and To the to the Select Abbreviated and and the and the The of to IP Office Abbreviated the to You and Abbreviated Which to the of the If Press.
Abbreviated the Press. Abbreviated and and Abbreviated the Press. Confirmation Press and the with that of the shown. Press or to the the or Press the or the to the IP Office phone only). With this the Notes: If to or and this the interface, section It to Microsoft to this the PC section Microsoft To learn about to characters, section and
Press to the through the Press to the or the previous the the to the shown IP Office The phone with to that includes outgoing and If the cleared. If the the of the the however, called. The the section If or the the The shown the section of the the the section
Press to the shown from the Press to the IP Office the
You the section and Press to switch the or off. the lights, the the IP Office The Platform allows to You switch and the microphone, the establish or the to other only). You the
You the Press to switch the You the section and Press to the You the Conversation the IP Office From to only). From to phone only). the
You Press to switch the microphone or off. the the the to hear the Press. The first the of the third party. the third switch the or of the Switch Press to IP Office to to internal or party. back You switch the connected
Press. the of the third party. You the or Please the and section the The IP Office You internal or and to the to You to The other hear muted (camp-on), and the as as the terminated Camp-on allowed). Callback You back and the other the within telephone
If hear the Waiting tone another trying to Press. The terminated and the Press the flashing Press. the of the third party. Press to establish three established three To the hear the to include other the this include to of them the of the the to the IP Office Waiting Conference You and to establish telephone
Press the The within or Press to the that Press the the The within or the holding Press to the that another the of the that the Press. IP Office You to the while. Common
To Press to To Press and Press to play-back and to recording. Press and to re-record. Press to IP Office To to when tone or Callback
IP Office to or to another to to The when active and when there and when or If to to who his the with function. the type of to section Personal You as when there If to incoming (internal or to to amount of seconds). when If and incoming or to the to
Press to the You outgoing as tone and the that active. Press to the Press to Press to the New incoming IP Office when active If active off) to to This function to or secretary). DIVERSION
to internal Press. the internal Press to the tone. You outgoing as tone and the that active. Press to the Press to the Press to the New incoming IP Office This allows to to internal and to directory or and activated already activated.
To the function, to authorized the Press. the and the of Which to the of the Press to the You outgoing as tone and the that active. Press to the Press. Press to the New incoming IP Office and to to the correctly. the DISA function, section Other The from memory, the inactive.
to Press to the You outgoing as tone and the that forwarding active. Press to the IP Office
This to from the telephone the to Press. and the and tone. You outgoing as tone and the that active. Press to the Follow-me and from the Press. Press. Press to the IP Office Follow-me If another forwarding them to where To Follow-me, active telephone. Follow-me Follow-me
To this function, to authorized the Press. Press. You connected to the specified of which type of the activated. IP Office allows to activated this
IP Office Information If the office of vacation, this allows to inform why routed to the who to info. activated to the with this activated the Information, section You inform with: the reason and the and of information Record and the reason of absence. Information
Information To text or information. Press to the information Info Completing Info from the below. routed to the who to info. Press to the IP Office Information Select Text or Information. Info Completing Info of [hour of [month back [hour back [hour back, [month back, [month Press to the information. the information the (or as information to without
Vacation, back Press. month and Press. Information active. Press to the information Press to information Press and Press to play-back and to recording. Press and to re-record. Press to Press to the IP Office text VACATION BACK hear the information the or the routed to the who to info. You to information. Information
Information Press to and Information Press to the the information switched off: Press to information. Information active. Press to the information Press to active information. Press to the IP Office Information information
to the Press. the of the the the Press to the Press to the IP Office While from the office, You to with section The first the from might to section or follow the To the to authorized the the
Deactivate the Press. Press to the New incoming phone IP Office recommended to to the as Once this to to The whether or the should activated or The active as the when there and when
Press and follow the the Access the from other the directory of the and follow the the Access the from the of the directory of the and follow the the IP Office Access the The following functions from other internal or from to Access the from the might
If there the option to to Select of the three heard, to and follow the the heard. the (these Press to the IP Office to the following three New heard); indicated flashing LED and Heard indicated lighting LED and indicated. from the Please this. Access the chapter the Mailbox and follow the the Select to to and info previous
Access the chapter the and follow the the Select to Select the type and follow the the the recorded played to the Press to the IP Office of the to other or (heard or to the the as the The without the There the to than operations. the type of to the three the You when when there or or activated with this instead of activated information.
IP Office With this function, the allows to and from to other without the respective owner. recorded to or to There the to than operations. Access the Access the and follow the the Select to and and follow the heard or re-recorded they to With this function, the when You specify where or as as This restricted or the the and information. You the of the with access: You acknowledge the to from the section to You to the
The and the Press to the IP Office without access: You announcement informing that You acknowledge the You to back the to the If acknowledge the within the the and repeated the the of Access the chapter Access the and follow the the Select to outcall and follow the You the the and the function. The (including the access) of to The 24h-format, with to
Access the chapter Access the and follow the the Select to the and follow the Press to the the the telephone Press to The Press. Press. Press to the IP Office the
To the recording: the Press and The recording four and seconds. options below: Press to Press and to re-record. Press to the recording and the Press to the IP Office Dictaphone Function If to and the Dictaphone function. Dictaphone treated as information to Dictaphone section to Record
Press with the Press the If this to the first. IP Office together team, the following With this function, (or selected) each Function to Which that to the of every free, You establish the To the flashing the of the incoming announced with flashing and To initiate the The automatically.
off). The (flashing Press to the directly flashing the Press to IP Office Supervision/Telephone Function and of If telephone, to the other or the the and the activity of other (free, called). Traffic the indicated phone group-member If the flashing,
group, to You to the Please the the the The Common function allows of the included) to the from that as Common the the Common Please the Common IP Office Common If or to from the Common the first The other the This the Common and there the Common You the Common telephone included or with directory each containing to or fictive Please this function.
To to group: Press. the Please the Press. Press to the To to Press. Press. Press to the IP Office Incoming to the directed to the group. The within the to If of the incoming If this the the to the If the Callback or function the
To from group: Press. the Please the Press. Press to the To from Press. Press to the IP Office PBX GRP LOGGED OUT
To the Press to the secondary telephone. IP Office Other these features productivity increased, the accounts, to the and The consisting of telephones the directory One of the telephones as the and the other as the secondary This function the users that, wired their (the telephone and to within their building with their (the secondary Basically the as follows: USER LOGGED ON Both telephones treated as outgoing Both telephones treated as Other
Other To the Press to off the secondary telephone. Press to the Press. Press to the To the function, to authorized the Press. and hour Press to the reached, with IP Office incoming The secondary telephone and the as stand-alone telephone. outgoing Both telephones treated as of The to within the hours allowed).
Press to Press to the the You with the party. Press. the directory Please the IP Office The to the to the from of the the the to the directory You the directory Other
Other You from office to section the prompted the of Followed the DISA directory the the DISA directory If to the Account should the Account the section Account the and the IP Office Direct Access (DISA) If externally and the to business and the PBX to to the party. You the the phone to The other or To the DISA function, to authorized the To the DISA function, to the from to section and follow the Which to the of the the function. Procedure, section If to when to office.
outgoing Press. Account and the The DTMF function known as Suffix to or other This function permanently active internal or to reach the to which as DTMF (tone to the to the IP Office Account Account to to accounts. the the Account to from Account or Account The following apply: With the Account the of or everyone who allowed to Account which to each to Account to Account to The Account the DISA function, section Direct Access (DISA) or Account DTMF Tones Other
Other Least Routing the and the The of outgoing If LCR to automatically, the to the cheapest the LCR the LCR Please the LCR the and the IP Office Least Routing Least Routing (LCR) selects the cheapest to establish the to the Please this function If the to LCR, each analyzed and the cheapest selected. Which to the of the Calling Least Routing Which to the of the You the LCR
Press to the The shows the first options with the option selected (highlighted with IP Office to the Platform and IP telephone with options The following and when to IP telephone: tone character and and Hearing the If functions or numbers, them the of of of To the function or the the To function to please
The the section Press to the Press Press to the directory function or Press to the the following shown IP Office Character Press the to The and and as Additionally, function the the and the shows: MNS If the the function or telephone shown the Press the to
Press to to the Press to the IP Office You the cover writing the the section
Press to the The shows the first Press or the Character option selected. Press. The tone character Press to character The with the chosen character. Press to the selected character. Press to to If to to the the IP Office Character There tone characters each to and Character character: character
Press to the The shows the first Press or the option selected. Press. The shows the options with the Format option selected. Press. The selected and the Press or to the hour and hour Press to the selected The Press to to If to to the the IP Office Format You the the the The shown or hour clock Character Format Format hour hour
Press to the The shows the first Press or the option selected. Press. IP Office Format You the the the The shown that there the DD-MM-YYYY DD MM YYYY DD MMM YYYY WW DD MMM YYYY YYMMDD YYYY-MM-DD MM/DD/YYYY DD-MM-YYYY WW DD-MM-YYYY Character Format Format The shows the options with the Format option selected.
Press or the Format option selected. Press. The selected and the Press or the selected. Press to the selected The Press to to If to to the the IP Office
Press to the The shows the first Press or the option selected. Press. The shows the options with the Format option selected. Press or the option selected. Press. The shown the (HH:MM). Press to the Press to to If to to the previous the IP Office the The the Character Format Format HH:MM
Press to the The shows the first options: Press or the option selected. Press. The shows the options with the Format option selected. Press or the option selected. Press. The shown the (DD-MM-YYYY). Press to the Press to to If to to the previous the IP Office the The the RingCharacter Format Format DD-MM-YYYY
Press to the The shows the first options: Press or the option selected. Press. The shows the option selected. Press. The selected and the English). Press or the selected. Press to the selected The Press to to If to to the the IP Office You the when the selected. Character English
Press Press or the option selected. Press. The displays shows: Press or to or increase the Press to the Press to to the Press to to IP Office The the the
Press Press or the Option selected. Press. The displays shows: Press to the functions and Combined. The activated with the free the function. The to the without the Press to the selected function Press to to the previous Press to to IP Office Option phone only). If phone with option this to the function of the option the function of the option The activated when The function to the Combined Activated with the and steady active when phone the function.
the when the off the when tone heard the or Press to the The and Press. The shows the first options: The the section Press or the Hearing option selected. IP Office and the to the of the or If the to their Hearing and hearing Since telephone built-in inductive the of-hearing, the his/her hearing while telephoning. You increase the hearing to the and Character
Press. The hearing selected and the Press or to the and Increased. Press to the selected hearing Press to to If to to the the the to the when the or Press to the You the Press to the The switched off the IP Office Increased The to the of
If to the to to incoming switch off the Incoming indicated flashing and information. Press to switch off the The switched to The switched the the or IP Office Network The following options only: DHCP IP Gateway SW DHCP SW Proxy Discovery (IP telephone) If concerning please
IP Office Camp-on, Callback, pick-up, Intrusion The associated using the Camp-on, Callback, or the function from country to country. If function, with associated this only the the following shows the of these countries that known Camp-on Callback to another
IP Office This chapter optional features that together with telephone. only). of the phone with (type DBY The offers Each as function section or section (optional) the DCM Card to and own cards. DCM included the Telephone CD or from: information, please
Press to The turned the the flashing to the section Preset Press to terminate the headset Press and the The turned the phone the directly without the or instead of the section Preset Press to the From to the IP Office (optional) To the section The following headset
Press. The turned the phone only). Press to headset with or without phone only). Press. The turned Press. phone only). Press. The turned phone only). Press. The turned only). Press The turned IP Office From to headset with From headset to From to headset From to From to
To Press and least seconds. acknowledging tone heard. To Press and least seconds. acknowledging tone heard. To the Press. Either the or turned indicating the Press. IP Office Preset the to connected to the when or Preset Also, when the without the the connected to the headset the to to the headset instead, Notes: of the type of when the the connected to the as when the pressed, the temporarily connected to the Activation and of Preset only when the
the to the of the Press to the The headset IP Office people with impaired hearing, the headset hearing amplified. the as section and Pull-out (optional) The phone and the section Pull-out (optional) the Card to and the pull-out The Card included the Telephone CD the Platform.
Microsoft IP Office Microsoft phone only). Contacts PC which when to Microsoft to It recommended to phone Microsoft with and country including the international The PC PC (network required), should to the On the the information to the the necessary information: Click to the installation. the the to
OK IP Office Microsoft PC. phone and IP The To IP section Click. Microsoft the and already phone the right the the and click. Selected Microsoft to Click to the The to Click to the PC Microsoft
IP Office You IP from PC to the telephone The which telephone or only): or the to the and items. the to to and function the the hearing or increased). phone only): the tone character the only): If the the to the the interface
Press. The shows the first options: Press or the Network option selected. Press. The shows the first Press to to IP Office the IP-Address of the the to the IP through Character DHCP (XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX) The option shows the IP assigned to the telephone. the IP
the IP the field of The shows: IP Office the If the to the please the of and the phone If phone from the the might the If to when to the this instead This then the the to If section
Click. On the with the following IP Office only) only) off
to Click. the and to Click The and to Click. Click to the and Click to the and from Click to to the Contacts without Click. IP Office Access the chapter Access the Click the the the If there they Each clicking the respective the first To and to To or and Select of the options below:
Click. to Click to the and the to Click to the and from the Click to the Click to to the without Click. IP Office Access the chapter Access the Click the the the If there the they Each clicking the respective the first Select of the options below:
Click. the The to of least characters. the to the field and the Click to confirm. off Click to IP Office The following Hearing Character the chapter Access the Click the the the The displayed. The Click to
Click. The of the telephone Click to the Click to the Click to without and to back to the selection. IP Office Access the chapter Access the Click the the the The displayed. The and fixed, (MNS) the others with to each. Click the of the to its The shows the and text the the dedicated field. the the
Hearing Click. The shown characters. Click to the The shown characters. off Click to Character Click. The tone character displayed.. character. Apply Click to apply. The with the chosen character. off Click to IP Office Hearing Access the chapter Access the Click the the the The displayed. Click to tone character only). Access the chapter Access the Click the the the The displayed. Click to
IP Office With establish or with than or to another These features business life. these features used, least there to would therefore to to the following: Please to to information or to they answered. to to third they answered. If connected to and If the information or which costly. such of You the Please or service information.
Abbreviated Initiating to or There short-numbers, which that them. section Abbreviated Account To Account section Other Automated facility which instructions to internal and options which chosen. instructions the to the section Other Callback to to inform the that to to sections and Camp-on To to section Dial-by-Name Initiation of operating (or Common Abbreviated each section Abbreviated IP Office Direct Access (DISA) If externally, the DISA function to the PBX. You the to section Other Directory with which assigned to Common Abbreviated Incoming to to another directory or the There four Direct, which that to directly. On reply, which that within On which that the active, which that the the off. section This through to where active. section telephones to the PBX internal to
Information about and of return. to the where the information Information of text information. information. Intrusion To when section Least Routing function that selects the cheapest to the shortest The the that or when section Mailbox to This when the tone or There of section To switch the microphone temporarily off. section IP Office to from the or to the DISA You section PBX Branch telephone switching text information. section Information SOS SOS the off. section Option SOS function Third third which included The internal or section from the internal or and then the to another (internal or section and the as Can or IP based.
to the to the right IP Office The to HANDSET, and the to the to LAN. If this to POWER. You the to the the notch the telephone. the PC connected to "PC" to connected to the the To screwdriver to the
IP Office and Telephone high Release to Press to
IP Office the Card to and cards. The Card included the Telephone CD or downloaded from: the please Certified
IP Office (optional) IP Office phone only). the the of the or the fits Press where the hear Click sound. the as shown the section The of type DBY and of the telephone
IP Office positioning the Card to and cards. The Designation Card included the Telephone CD or from: the please Certified
IP Office Pull-out Leaf (optional) the protective from the the to the of the the of the corner. the
IP Office Wall Mounting The mounted, instance or areas. screwdriver to the Turn the and screwdriver to the three covers. to
IP Office Spacer, option Spacers, option Mount spacer(s) to Option recommended. Spacer(s) supplied. screws One screw and and Mount screws to and the
IP Office the Telephone telephone to from telephone of heat, the that the isnt creased. Cleaning the Telephone slightly cloth or cloth and off the telephone rough cloth, or cleaning of the telephone, that caused of these instructions, of the the
the telephone. Press and least second. IP Office Troubleshooting This section information to through the following If this the If others there the chapter. To that everything correctly and that everything properly connected. If telephone properly when the the functioning telephone instead of the If that telephone properly, the telephone, If found, the the telephone the service or the telephone Troubleshooting