Telephone MX-ONE Telephony and MD110 Graphic the graphic directly the about the text flow. Graphics and the following Width: This text should then
Title EN/LZT R1A AB
of Welcome Information Seating Incoming Information Other Troubleshooting Index Table of
to the the This the features of the when connected to MX-ONE Telephony and MD110 The and features with this easy telephone the and of the that connected to, of the and features that this There the telephone Please further information. features. this they using the The of the from: At this charging of seconds section Charging
Copyright rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written of the publisher with the following If this its to downloading and of the this and redistribution. of this to or from of or publication. Warranty ERICSSON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS MATERIAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or with the furnishing, performance or of this Declaration of Conformity AB, S-131 that this conformity with the and other of the R&TTE 1999/5/EC. to found
Information Information instructions these instructions. these instructions telephone or connected the following should to reduce of fire, shock and other Follow instructions the or other location and which telephones: with the indicated. If of the type of to the building, property or telephones: the telephone's where to mechanical as this the If the supply or the and service with this comply with EN/IEC and AS/NZS or to without from the Unauthorized or the authority to the the to the vicinity of the of the or the near bathtub, and or that of the or the service agency when service or required. telephone (other than type) of the should Please regulations of products.
characters. Indicates and and section information or section Clock the and right right the and Phonebook Access section Phonebook the The flashes the of the incoming section the as backspace. section Clock to to sections tone and Clock Both incoming and outgoing shown. The of records. section Waiting flashing light section
(function numbers. You (first and sections function and the of Microphone Used Switch microphone or off. section Switch off the or when sections and on/off Switch or off. section section (optional) Used to to or to establish section to the the section the section headset and On/Off switch or the section function Waiting switch Switch Waiting or off. to the polarity of section Waiting
Used to PC or other phone with hearing as Please The attract and the the DCM (Designation Card to and own cards. DCM included the Telephone CD or downloaded from: information, please
information The feedback actions that The following of information displays from telephone The of the characters. phone the shows the telephone ID section Telephone ID this as telephone ID. The shows the and the You the and section and Missed the shows. NEW
Incoming incoming the shows the information the right corner. The information of or or both. ELLEN BROWN the answered, the information the right and the the right corner. earlier of the the information shown. outgoing the shows the the right corner. The the right displayed. The and shows the activated HEADSET PRESET
tone tone tone or tone seconds tone Congestion tone tone tone Intrusion tone Conference tone every seconds (to tone Warning Tones and The following tones and from the to characteristics The tones shown this section the tones tone or
(Callback Three inform about the type of the The shown this section the that the If that or
To the the authorization and and the to the The shows phone To off the the to the Seating The Seating who office of their own. office the office, Seating user and from the office, to that temporarily assigned with and authorities. another To earlier of the Seating another To off, earlier of the Seating Seating
Incoming To incoming the Press without the You connected to the the and microphone. Press to terminate You to another from office. the and the You Press. Incoming incoming internal or You the of incoming section To the section (optional) On another
the the The the to the the with to Press and the The the to the finishing the the first the to the first tone inform that You Option Option Incoming
Incoming If the phone Press to the The become The and RINGER OFF the flashing. If to the to to incoming switch off the Press to switch off the The shows RINGER OFF and the flashes to The switched the the or DND, to shown. as to or. to the to activation/deactivation. RINGER OFF headset connected, both the and the flashing. The RINGER OFF and INCOMING CALL the the flashes and the steadily shows RINGER OFF the below). Press to the DND
To temporarily the the and If to the follow the the from the with the and the of the U.K., the The it incoming to and the to of the The of this that The the to which and initiated only to distributed the the this to to distributed to other the and that temporarily the phone the Follow-me. section Follow-me If to phone the only, follow the the from this phone and its Incoming
Incoming To the the U.K., Notes: If to the follow the restoring the from the with the and the of the If to the only, follow the restoring the from this phone and its
to internal and the and to internal or the or to and the The or access, the of the the to the Notes: To the section (optional) You the of outgoing section Notes: You quickly, using Common and own numbers, section If tone when the or to the Least Routing the Once becomes free, If tone heard, the selected
With the Press without the the You connected to the the and microphone. Press to to tone the when such the tone the Press. The restriction only the the to repeated the to the and the and indicated the tone You the of section restriction If and to displayed to the calling, the following Notes: This of the telephone and might
To the the and the or to and the To that incorporates to the where the and the To this, the the the section tone the Press to the initiate the the irrespective of whether the or and
and the to the You back when the finished or the finished. You to within seconds, otherwise the Callback service the when back. The the and the and the to the becomes free, back You to within seconds, otherwise the Callback service the when back. The the tone If and tone or or these Callback If or there Press. It seconds the executed. Callbacks activated the If the or to Press. Callback activated
Callback the and the To Callback the or to instead of the Press and the Callbacks the the Waiting If to or the Press. and the off the or the becomes free, automatically. Notes: The Waiting might If Waiting allowed to
You and the Press and the or to Press. Intrusion You Press. and the tone to the the three established and tone heard. Notes: The tone might The might If Intrusion allowed, to tone. and the executed, warning to the the three established and warning tone heard. Notes: The warning tone might The Intrusion might If Intrusion allowed to
If this allowed from activated activated Follow-me or activated information the and the Press and numbers, The of and the telephone the and the To the and the Common You to numbers the and them as this allowed). to numbers,
To or numbers: the and the selected Press and the The or to phone numbers. Press and the To the and the selected Press and the To numbers: the the of which the The of tone from the
It to to numbers/key) and the of section the of the Head Office Press to directory the Press. The flashing Press the You directory Common or You that or the or function You and directory and Common numbers) the To that the the Notes: that the switch to the On section function The Waiting treated as To the the If already DIAL-BY-NAME KEY
To that incorporates section tone Press to and To directory Press. Press If numbers; One the the first the the Press to and If to the repeatedly and without telephone Notes: You the cover to write the the the DCM Card to and cards. DCM included the Telephone CD or from: information, please Checking
To the and the Authority allows to without Intrusion. This when the finished.
To the authorization and the or to and the To the authorization and To the authorization and tone. Authorization If authorized to authorization to temporarily within the to the authority connected to this You the only or the phone to and when the
To the authorization and To with authority when phone locked: the authorization and the or to and the To the authorization and Authorization If authorized to authorization to affiliated to to authority when of the office. You temporarily other within the telephone to the authority as own The from
To assign authority to another the authorization and own and the or to and the To authorization the authorization and authorization and
The incoming and outgoing which back as outgoing The of and The each of once the that the or received. Incoming and outgoing below). Incoming P01 N02 the and P01 that the the first N02 where that the and and that the the and of the P02 P02 that the the the of the the
To Press. or The shows the the arrow to the another the to the To from the Press. or The shows the the arrow to the another Press and seconds to the To the the and seconds.
the Press. The shows the first Phonebook Press the which the first of the to write section text and or If another entry: Press to search the or the shows the the or to the with where to and numbers). You and the the The alphabetical You freely and and the PHIL COLLINS If headset connected to the Phonebook
The character selected or when another pressed. Press S. Press M. Press I. Press T. Press H. Press when the While or the following or and Press to the to the right or Press to Press to section tone Press to entry. text and The following to write text and numbers, which when the and the (to write SMITH): the
characters the to and characters. Press once the first or character, the second, three the third, The each the the and characters shown the following of to the C characters: To (four Phonebook
Press. Press. The shows: Press. The cleared, showing or characters. the The to Press. The to characters. to write section text and Press to Press to or or to the and to the ALPHANUMERIC DIRECTORY NEW ENTRY the and the shows the PHIL COLLINS
Press. Press. Press The shows: You NEW ENTRY EDIT OR DELETE ENTRIES and EXIT using the Press. or The shows the first (alphabetical Press to entry. or Press to the entry. Press to the to the the and or Press to the to the the and to to write section text and Press to or or to the and the ALPHANUMERIC DIRECTORY EDIT OR DELETE ENTRIES
Press. Press. Press The shows: You NEW ENTRY EDIT OR DELETE ENTRIES and EXIT the Press. or The shows the first (alphabetical Press to Press to the Press to or or to the and from the ALPHANUMERIC DIRECTORY EDIT OR DELETE ENTRIES
Press to switch and the the other heard the To Press and the and the From to the From to the and This other people to You the while the other heard the You the section
Press and the Press to the From to the Conversation the You Press to switch the microphone or off. microphones headset and handsfree) deactivated. the lights, the to hear the to To terminate the and the the to the The the to the Waiting If hear the tone another trying to The Waiting might
You and would to to internal or party. Press. tone. The first the third party. the other switch the back), the Conference or of the Press to to the first You to Press. the third party. You the or the The Press to back to the other party. The to the other connected. If than the that If the or allowed,
You and to phone You become the Press. the third party. Press to establish the to include other to the the to the Conference With this include to the the tone heard every seconds. The tone might tone heard each or the the the the with the other included The back to when there only
You temporarily the or another Press and the To the the To the another the the where the Press.
If to the of Press The shown the right corner, displays the of and outgoing You the or off, section the outgoing the seconds, showing the of the right corner, the finished the seconds. If the seconds, the Additionally, the the section Incoming the the established. The to seconds.
The to or to three the type of the incoming the U.K., the If to or of the office, to to hear You as or to another information service facility. Direct from and from the the as section Follow-me
Direct from the U.K., the when there the to and the The incoming To the to and the and from the the as section Follow-me
when tone the to and the To the to and the
from the and the Press and the from the U.K., the If another forwarding them to the where the and Press and the Press and the to the Follow-me to to another of choice (within the Follow-me hear You as U.K., Redirect from U.K., Follow-me from redirect from
from the and Press and the the and the or to and the Press and the the the U.K., Follow-me If Follow-me allowed, to to of choice. tone heard. You as
With this reached office phone of the office, the functionality of search or choose search search to the the office, home, Both internal or phone search or section To and search the activated, incoming to selected or to services the choose. If the the to another the or You the from office to this this section You of the applications, information. of the office, the Direct Access (DISA) used, to DISA this section.
To or to another from office the Press the search Press and the To from office the the another included the activated or to inform them about If included the activated with information.
pound and or phone The of type with (DTMF). the DISA office. the Authorization and and own and Press the search Press and the To or to another from another included the activated or to inform about absence. If included the activated with Information.
pound and or The of type with tone (DTMF). the DISA office. the Authorization and and and the To from phone To and search The search or to the or and to If connected to instructions the
when search than seconds Usually the the to and each You might to seconds to and or and seconds There the of every or operator/secretary). If might what should while The options to to the If or other as early might the searching. the or the they the searching. If the with If numbers, there that the called. If the to as as each Profile office At reachable
Profile office Profile At to search Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Cordless, Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds)
Profile Profile Profile Profile Profile search Telephone Account: Search of or Telephone (seconds) Cordless, Search of or Telephone (seconds) Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds) Search of telephone or Telephone (seconds)
the the The of which the connected to the the Press and the (MMDD) or (HHMM) of The which the stated Press and the Information The information to inform why and when return. If authorized, information another from Notes: If or this Information
Information the the The information another the the and the Press and the or of the other Press and the another the the and If the tone received, the authorization the the other required. the and the
the the to and MMW the the Waiting (MMW) If the Waiting to that this allowed). there the flashing, and hear tone the If the to the with the Waiting that
MMW to another the the Press and the MMW to another the the Press and the
(optional) The allows to to the when to when of office, The then back office, and to the received. indicated with flashing Waiting You choose to incoming to or when there or when If the recommended to as the search hear recorded instructions to recording, and and to security to the type of The following the, MD110, integrated type. other types, please to instructions. know which type of To and incoming with the to the as the incoming when there with incoming when tone with
From office the the to the If to security security From another the the to the If to security the using of its own): Press. (normally office security To If the to the the with the Waiting that to the Follow the recorded instructions. Follow the recorded instructions.
To the the to the If to security the phone of its own): Press. the (normally the office of the other the security of the other required). If the to the the with the Waiting that to the Follow the recorded instructions.
To the Recorded information the the of and If too first to Recorded instructions to to to or The following of the and the to used.
group, to the Press to the Press to People their their to Notes: One as to another group. to the only when there to group. and Common and
of of that temporarily the group. the and Press and the To the the U.K., the If authorized, to group, to another or to another group: the the of the to and the of the Press and the To the Diversion: the the of the that diverted. Press and the U.K.,
Press. Press. The shows the the month, hour, and the You only the the the to the Other Clock If the to of the Clock ALARM SET The and of the the and information, section and If the and To the to Other
Other or of the to the and Press to and To that appears the the Press. Press. The and the to Press. The shows the and the Press to the The to
hear and the the flash. Press to the The repeated or. Press to the off. You the Confirm Notes: If the terminated, the phone to and If when phone the priority. If to the activated. re-activated directly (or three Other
Other This to to account or to unauthorised from The account to the and the account and the or to and the to charge to to account the Press and the to the and Norway, the account and the to the Account
the the Deactivation The following features Callback Callbacks Diversion/Internal and Follow-me. Waiting/Message Night Service the telephone Night Service incoming to the to selected or of The telephone three Night Service Common Night Service incoming to the to the the Night Service Selected to the to the the Universal Night Service incoming to the to the the as section Common Other
Other this the of the phone Duration started. If to or If the as ordinary Direct The as with from this To as phone Emergency the of emergency, the the telephone Emergency which to
With Authorization the DISA office. the Authorization and the With Authorization the DISA office. the Authorization and and the DISA Direct Access If assigned to this and externally, office and to to business The business office or account You the to the office. and or The phone of type with tone (DTMF). completed DISA DISA There the type of Authorization or when Account used. Other
the when tone heard the Press to the There from to The with of options, instance and and headset and There three the the headset and the the to the of the headset or the when the off the headset when the activated.
Press. or Select the RINGER VOLUME Press. The shows the and to the to hear the sound). and =High or the Select AUTO LOW MEDIUM or HIGH The phone with the selected Press to and the the the character and To the character and to the the You choose four the and high The AUTO The AUTO the third and fourth and the fifth and following high RINGER VOLUME FOR AUDIO LIFT HANDSET The the right shows the the
Press. or Select the RINGER CHARACTER Press. The shows the and to the to hear the sound). The or the Select character, The phone with the selected character. or The phone with the selected character. Press to and the the character You choose characters. RINGER CHARACTER FOR AUDIO LIFT HANDSET
Press. or Select the CLOCK Press. The shows the the month, hour, and You the the the to the automatically. or of the to the and Press to and and telephone built clock, which displayed when the The flashing hour and that the clock The and from the incoming and If reason the and the and manually the telephone. CLOCK Notes: You to each to of February and to (month), (hour), and If that flashing the You to to
Press. or Select the CLOCK DISPLAY Press. The shows the or The Select and and and information shown the Press to and the and CLOCK DISPLAY MM-DD 24-hour MM-DD 12-hour DD-MM 24-hour DD-MM 12-hour
Press. or Select the TELEPHONE ID Press. The shows the telephone ID. This or other information or characters). previously or when character. If to the telephone ID: Press characters Press to and Telephone ID You phone with or This information Telephone ID and appear the TELEPHONE ID there or the flashing shown. To previously telephone ID, section text and
Press. or Select the OR MEM POSITIONS Press. The shows the or The Press to or If the from to the Press to and the of phone or the If numbers, each only (first If choose the option, each with (first and To directory the section function OR MEM POSITIONS Notes: If the from to previously the (first
Press. or Select the FLASH Press. The shows the The or and Press to the of or the This the flash of Press to and the without consulting first. incorrect the The the and FLASH
Press. or Select the PAUSE Press. The shows the The or and Press to the of or the This the of Press to and The of the wait-for-dial-tone another when another and the without first. incorrect the PAUSE
Press. or Select the CALL DURATION TIMER Press. The shows the or The ON Press to ON and OFF Press to and the You the the or off. information about the section CALL DURATION TIMER ON
Press. or Select the HEADSET PRESET Press. The shows the or The ON Press to ON and OFF Press to and Preset activated when headset to the outlet the telephone. the headset disconnected, the deactivated. that function connected to the there to the If to Preset when headset telephone, manually the Preset HEADSET PRESET ON
Press. or the HEADSET RINGING Press. The shows the or The ON Press to ON and OFF Press to and To this optional to If this activated, hear the first as the The and the following to the as HEADSET RINGING Hearing The telephone built-in inductive the hard-of- hearing. To the hearing while telephoning, switch the hearing its ON
Waiting incoming indicated flashing It that the leads to the phone twisted (the Waiting LED when there Waiting and off when there Waiting To this there three the Waiting indication: STD This should when Waiting This the MW+ this when Waiting and the cabling straight. MW- this when Waiting and the cabling twisted. On the of the switch to the function It to or of the function using switch. the switch the the memory locked). On the of the switch to the
Press to The turned Press to terminate the headset Press and the The turned Press to terminate the (optional) To the section You the of the section headset and To learn about the headset functionality, sections Preset and comply with the instructions, section instructions The following headset
From headset to the Press. The turned the From headset to Press. Press. The turned From to headset From to headset
to the to the right You the to the the notch the the the outlets, to the telephone LINE HANDSET HEADSET or PC DATA PORT headset servicing and service or To screwdriver to the and the
and high Press to Release to the Card to and cards. DCM included the Telephone CD or downloaded from: information, please
Wall mounting The phone mounted without instance or areas. screwdriver to the Turn the and screwdriver to the covers. to screws to and mount the
Charging At or the telephone disconnected, charging of seconds charging the empty. the telephone ready to the turned Charging should with the Detection of the telephone, the both DTMF (Dual-tone and FSK (Frequency-shift activated the first received. If Waiting the telephone this this the to This the first received. the telephone to from near of heat, the that the creased. Cleaning the telephone slightly cloth or cloth and off the telephone rough cloth, or cleaning of the telephone, that caused of these instructions, of the the
Troubleshooting This section information to through the following If this cover the If others there Action or through this telephone connected to the chapter. that everything correctly and that everything properly connected. Disconnect If telephone properly when the the functioning telephone instead of the If that telephone properly, the telephone, If found, the the telephone the telephone service or the telephone section Detection Troubleshooting
Function the identity of and/or or reason info) to the Can and of the The phone when nothing activated; calling, Least Routing function that selects the cheapest to the shortest Abbreviated or to Telephone Switch. Third third which included The or