The straightforward to MD introduction to EMS MX-ONE the to Includes exclusively PDF PDF EMS
Choose Ericsson? world-leading of telecoms the of of the of the with DECT and Bluetooth and back the boundaries of The efficiency, productivity and turn, the margin-rich and streams thanks to the high of expandability. renowned its while the including DECT, EMO and the introduction of (EMS). such as from Ericssons services and to the Ericssons architecture such as SIP easily integrated. This and protects the investment of the Choose information MD MD Unified Phones IP Phones Dect Integrated Application EMO (EMS) Introduction to MX-ONE Peripherals To Products the Businessphone to
The to IP based PBX Compact PBX (with The The existing from to and the of customers. to MX-ONE of users Customer Compact MX-ONE and what type of choose from Rate Rate or SIP they and what type: these cordless, or IP about DECT, or required? SIP SIP SIP Unified CTI, Recording Unified CTI, Recording Unified CTI, Recording Unified CTI, Recording Unified CTI, Recording Unified CTI, Recording Unified CTI, Recording
MD to customers: users) SIP IP from the integrated and functionality as and when The MD IP PBX the of the integrated, and and services and This its of of to IP functionality MD offers incoming features, CTI and high- performance, low-cost routing facility. Integrated Services The MD offers services such Unified Combined IP Gateway and Interface (TAPI) Automated DECT Reduced The to to the while reducing the of ownership. the (CTI) integrated with TAPI, which every to to MD offers of environmentally-sound wired telephones that from the simplified sophistication of IP to basic These business customers. as the DECT to anytime, anywhere access. from On-board including IP or mounted PBX with of the Easily Functions ISDN connectivity, CTI **Applications effective the MD with of charge and built This the right and the as These sophisticated, business-specific and as as with the to with the of Scalable The the the SME catering of UK Its with to It architecture, which purchase exactly what when and functionality to customers and SSP VAT MD CD3 board CZ13 board CTS2 BRI board (basic ISDN) CAP2 PRI board (ISDN30) CRE2 DECT board stations of HE of HE than
features, effective and The MD sophisticated, business-specific that simplified to as as The which purchase exactly what when and functionality to customers and The MD offers of sound wired from IP to as as DECT It offers Incoming Distribution, CTI and high-performance routing facility. includes: users users More Competitive offer performance!) GAP as offer (DECT Integrated the Unified the free-of-charge Integrated the without from the integrated On-screen free-of-change, CTI free-of-charge Automated with free-of-charge V8.0, of to users
Applications to and from users through the allowing the to services to the of the the other telephone assigned to the as as the Class of Services. other of the the other This that service and they to that they specifically groundbreaking phone to full-feature One-number cordless, IP, softclient) features, such as or info Increased reachability through or or reductions of to efficiency and productivity and other services which callbacks secretary and of Authorisation service numbers... money and international (Least Routing) Office to Integrated the office when of the office
Applications MD MD specifically to increase the efficiency and of and reception. and offering wealth of services, its and features of and while of and the services offered. to ID of increased switchboard productivity service Integrated charge of currency with Increased with Access to including when the Integrated both Access to the New Customer and Telephone PBX IP
Applications the of with the With graphical user interface, allows to the functions of business telephone and easy from PC. wasted or instance, with from the MS from or Through graphical interface each PC, telephone The of the which telephone/PC used. This easy, from location. of business Call-back Conference, selective and Deflection. Further functionality offered. the advanced effective from business or based MS Profile the and Enhanced productivity productivity and the To allows easy with other such as Microsoft Word and services and integration. The and the of and allow to easily choose the right the treatment, the international the the or and existing useful function which displays the attached to the and with MS or other There other such as interaction. MD IP Branch Office IP Computer Telephony IP-Telephony to and SSP VAT POA POA POA POA users POA users POA users POA users POA users POA to to business and and info as as IP. IT
Additional PC with the functions of telephone, other It and and with and Interaction with Unified and Services Profiles and Routing Collaboration, Info and Security Application and MS offers flexibility, from to IP Telephony and COMMUNICATION PARTNER CT Access services Effective business wasted or Customer service Customer Service. Caller-related information, the or from business from and and the when the coordinated and or routing reduce the that to the and allows service. INHOUSE MOBILE OFFICE and PSTN IP WAN WLAN PBX SMS Gateway (optional) those when the the routing function of which through. based MS or wherever information or to the with the flexibility, the office or the and the Journal where they The advanced services, teams. these to business profitability. You offering service efficiently, and effectiveness. Office IP codless, IP or BACKSTAGE SERVER SMS Gateway (optional)
Applications Unified The Unified to simplify the users of and It to of to the and increasing the efficiency and productivity. and as to to within their or throughout the They remotely the when the SMS to inform the user about or That allows to the this follow the wherever they workforce with this integrated Unified their to their effectively and productively. One interface Microsoft whether they or or the from the recording and then of these offline, where the recordings and Microsoft or Notes to when from the office or the to follow-up to users. to or Combined The of and Unified of the including incoming and outgoing text and SMS as as and The of PDA, and customereasily and to from location. of and with Microsoft M, Notes and SMTP/POP3 SUMS software text or SMS text or and information (from interfaces, such as LDAP) Graphical (including and text to other (to computers, telephones, SMS) call-back to other users internal or directly to long-term the of choice), including offline Remote access, such as such as VPN, or of (WAV SSP VAT users POA POA users POA POA Pricing
Applications Telephony Telephony (CT) to the of telephones and to business customers to the right the right with the right information, and CT offers productivity and to where fast, CT platforms and TAPI Bridge allow to company-wide of and computing to of productivity and service other offering services, money, and reaching customers. records immediately the Incoming routed to the call-handling or Telephone from directory or the MS and automatically. The Calling from PC the combined of the PC and the telephone with the to from such as MS This of offers LAN-based with and TAPI Bridge. Combining and callback options to of increases of integrated Unified of offered, from to interface with and from to and the of IP and Communication and PSTN IP WAN and Where offers of CT tailored to the of and and operators. Other Software Software and to their with Ericssons This that and its with the CT software with Telephony to advanced CT users, or flexibly assigned within easy to to the as the business INHOUSE MOBILE OFFICE IP WLAN CTI PBX (optional) CT cordless, IP or SMS
The Family to BP customers: users) DECT, IP IP The offers features the SME Its of the advanced the business, catering to Enhancing efficiency and productivity, that with than countries. It of converged from cordless, SMS IP and functionality. with of BP The platform four Compact housed telephone to users. housed and telephone with to to users to the and cabling of existing with to to users to with to and with to to users the BP to become of integrated to cover of allowing BP to interact with other as as from other Both and ISDN to and integrated IP allows
The of UM ME Direct (R16) Route CLIP, BP Compact (R15) Integrated Application P900 Corporate Telephony Unified (R14) Direct Routing, SW-based licensing Web-based (R13) IP-Telephone IP-Networking (R12) Function Unit (MFU) (R11) New BP50 QSIG (R10) BP (R9) MD110SW Integrated Integrated (R8)1997-2000 ISDN Least ISDN BP250 RateInterface Routing Rate Interface BP50 the of the From anywhere the world, the the with easy to services and information. fully-featured the following to money international (Least Routing) to other and back of Office offers the the choice of PBX phone or phone from the family. The the flexibility to of choice allowing them the freedom to seamlessly chosen To Products the Businessphone to This incorporates and to the of the industry. from of advanced features and that Whether or of the highest of efficiency and whilst integrating with third House software, required.
cards/phones ISDN ISDN2 boards SSP VAT BTU-D boards SSP VAT BTU-A boards SSP VAT ELU-D3 ELU-D3 ELU-D3 boards SSP VAT ELU-A ELU-A ELU-A2 as boards SSP VAT MFU board with optional Compact 32MB MFU Compact 64MB MFU PLEASE NOTE: functionality ISDN T/Q/S (2B+D) interfaces, DECT telephones SSP VAT DT190 inc charger DT292 DT590 DT412 DT292/DT590 telephones SSP VAT light office light office professional light professional professional light KPU professional KPU light light function function
Telephone SSP VAT RJ11 to BT RJ11 to RJ45 AC/AC DSS IP telephones SSP VAT basic phone high phone IP telephones SSP VAT IP IP Office V2 IP Office V2 IP V2 IP V2 To Products the Businessphone telephone light telephone light telephone telephone telephone light IP SSP VAT IP IP including Compatible wireless SSP VAT CS60 headset CS70 wireless VT Bluetooth headset GN GN GN GN GN GN bluetooth
One phone This cost-effective Its specifically who with phone or service areas, the to or the of relocation. Features: Message-waiting function The telephone specifically the of PBX switchboard and functionality of It integrated headset and the hands-free functionality and Acoustic (AEC). Office The Office telephone with of the features the office. Featuring graphical and the and with integrated headset with functionality as the Graphical Option The with and associated Option Unit The Option Unit Telephones and offers and Professional This Professional advanced It and (ACD) The graphical three to the hands-free functionality features and Acoustic (AEC). Soft their function to easy interface options such as and as the Office SSP VAT light light light light
Phones telephone that offers sound of features office or service areas. LED (switch function (including function (with Tone (DTMF) This to easily to of It with function that to it the choice LED (switch function with functions of or (with (DTMF) function High This the advanced telephone the of telephones. It sophisticated and It incorporates function telephone and The LCD the and displays and of as as and integrated LED (switch function with numbers) (with to (with to (DTMF) Indication the headset and tone SSP VAT High
IP Phones The of IP telephones the of and to business-class advanced functionality and the simplicity of ordinary these the of the of IP They hearing impaired and hearing through built acoustic shock protection. easy-to-use interface allows to their telephone such as the function directly from function with LED Emergency assignment Ethernet switch function tones interface Remote firmware Hearing Ethernet switch to LAN with and Emergency from telephone telephone) (with switching LAN IEEE Telephone WEB Hearing and acoustic shock protection Graphical with Function (includes statistics WEB browser) Branch office light or IP include Waiting light and other features the with and Acoustic (AEC) Graphical with and and to function locally the phone or centrally WAP with easy to WAP to WML activation of and reason Option of and/or SSP VAT
DECT Phones pioneered the of to or DECT phone to and them tougher than the DT190 DECT memory Missed Includes charger DT412 and each and scratchproof, mechanically protected and SIM identity and to with easily text Sending/receiving (SMS) DT292 functionality to and Supports Call-by-Name Call-by-Name function Preference to to Waiting Indication (MWI) Calling (CLI) clock DT422 and scratchproof, mechanically protected and SIM identity and to with easily Sending/receiving (SMS) GAP DT590 with graphical Phonebook function and of SMS to PBX absence, clock, and Headset/accessory Lithium Calling (CLI) function Preference to to Waiting Indication (MWI) DT432 ATEX the DT222 Intrinsically or easily and function Higher capacity Lithium Higher sound software Intrinsically
Integrated Application The IAS the free Its effective and this everyone. The IAS the to field of services. With its and the IAS the creation of business within the the IAS fast to applications, these the Furthermore, the IAS the with the opportunity to try when They the and easily applying With the PC and security the firewall. The highly and the IAS, to them speedily and, with the of them when the IAS incorporates and furthermore easy to and IAS building business with applications. SSP VAT Integrated Application Integrated Application (Board) The hassle-free,
The of offers easy-to- to and other Information (PIM) the of EMO that offers information without or EMO and to of smartphones and Microsoft smartphones, or PDAs. There editions of EMO The Edition with Microsoft or The Professional Edition to using their PC as Easy-to-use Work easily with and You the with action to EMO to and to security and and investments (ROI). IT of the process. EMO as as switching The software actions the background. EMO which to the of up-to- with as received; to Work or off; coverage Network established and Option the service temporarily character and supported. Security End-to-end that of to and from to users functionality EMO to smartphone or PDA, wherever the user smartphones, and and received Sort or to to or of actions to the basic text operations and and as and from to SSP VAT ONLY Right to EMO (RTU) EMO users (RTU) Renewable software EMO users EMO users (RTU) Hosted Charge EMO Hosted RS software
introduction to EMS customers: users) with high users Native SIP IP operation Brand or The the with Convergence the the EMS business users of of SMS or of where they and what or they to SIP SoftPhone IM/Chat Conference The Directory/Presence to and boundaries, everything of choice customised which services reduces the of proof, with as as tomorrows Complete and performance SIP architecture FMC Convergence) SIP with/without Convergence interface self-service
(EMS) Ericssons offers fast, cost-effective to Unified with users the of the them to wherever they using their and SIP The (EMS) business that Unified that to the clean Initiation (SIP) to with other 21CN initiative the and ambitious telecommunications the With EMS, the architecture, and that their investment Unified protected. The from to users, EMS with of including and SIP SIP-based workstation, Ericssons Automated Distribution (ACD), SIP-based ACD Interactive (IVR), Automated web-based and recording. The security and without the of Unified EMS SIP-based platform with Architecture to Reduced with to with WEB and/or XML based interface Remote easy with interface with or SIP SIP their with
introduction to (EMS) EMS user Ready to with of the Initiation (SIP) to with other and to existing such as Microsoft LCS/OCS within the Network SIP The (EMS) business that Unified Communications that to the Initiation (SIP) and to It business users of of SMS or of where they and their of choice. SIP SIP SIP PC) EMS Actively reduce international roaming from of with interface interface their Investment protection with existing smooth to business the ...Unified IP IP SIP Service ...Groupware to SIP architecture PSTN Other SIP information, and of of choice.
introduction to MX-ONE MX-ONE customers: to customers (300-50K users) with IP Several branch and/or Migration of (SIP, H.232, TDM, DECT) from MD-110 This to as and cost-effectively as The MX-ONE based that offers than features and enough to to people It built to IT and functionality with and to the to from This IP-based or to branch offices, and MX-ONE Applications CMG The (CMG) and offers wealth of and MX-ONE each with inbox and text-to-speech functionality to to their the MX-ONE With workstation, and of MX-ONE as as and performance award-winning IP that allows and with PBX countries as as easy PC and phone to and the to the of and that business. One One with that One easy to and their the that them One that to people locations One businesses One that the office the MX-ONE precisely when their business ready. This and that actually invest those that know and investments to customers business.
Peripherals effective productivity customers, high Wireless CS60 Wireless Work, and without wires! from the to from the the of The CS60 those offices. The includes microphone, that reduces background to hours DECT with choice of headset wearing options SSP VAT CS60 Hookswitch Corded GN2000 and built to the GN2000 enough to with the heavy of The headset both with or without (NC) microphone. clarity with acoustic shock protection from high pitched warranty Hookswitch users to and without the SSP VAT GN2000 (NC) GN2000 (NC) GN9120 EHS GN9120 EHS or from office to office whilst With choice of three and these to wearing (over-the-ear and over-the-head) Conference functionality SSP VAT 25172A GN9120 EHS The Gateway branch offices and connecting to their office WAN/IP router. of or G3 and IP Ethernet effective High IP Compatible with MD MD110 MX-ONE SSP VAT DRG DRG Telephony DRG CD DRG22 interface
Wireless connectivity G35/G36 effective offering PBX allowing to routed from the reducing the of to significantly. Both from high-speed The G35 business to its Remote whereas the G36 of the integrated allowing to located to from and PC allowing location. PBX (optional) GSM services Additional to EDGE (G36) Short service (G36) (G36) USB interface rights and easy and (G36) SSP VAT FCT G35E FCT G36E Conference Units SoundStation2 The SoundStation2 with PBX It directly to PBX without the PBX or the It with optional microphones to increase the coverage. normally to to people High sound LCD allows microphone coverage phonebook Worldwide ID* with optional microphones to 200W with DECT the 200W as to with DECT and conferencing. to phone Works with DECT clear sound OmniSound sound warranty 60W Bluetooth At or from the office, the 60W wirelessly to Bluetooth and allowing to anywhere with to existing DECT another clear OmniSound TM hours hours buttons DECT connectivity microphones increase from to Remote operation DECT year SSP VAT SoundStation 60W Bluetooth 200W Keyphone Conferencer