P/N: M22003-01A6 DVDM-100 USERS MANUAL
The would to this opportunity to thank purchasing to the technologically advanced, than-ever to products that the of the with To please to this It through the and of If should please Customer PAGE THANK YOU The Team ProDUct IntroDUctIon About this YouR PREcAutioNs iNfoRMAtioN PRivAcY iNfoRMAtioN coPYRiGht tERMs dEfiNitioNs fRoNt REAR REMotE With thE REMotE characters with the connecting cD/DVD connecting Information Information of Information DVDM-100
InForMatIon Rs-232 coNNEctioNs coNNEctioNs coNNEctioNs EthERNEt coNNEctioNs coNNEctioNs DVD/cD coNNEctioN coNNEctioN DVD bRoWsiNG YouR Info title cover GENRE PAGE to bRoWsiNG YouR titlE artist cover GENRE to bRoWsiNG stAtioNs stAtioN YoUr cREAtiNG stAtioNs stAtioNs EditiNG iNfoRMAtioN Info Information this Searching Information Manually Searching Selecting existing cover EditiNG iNfoRMAtioN Information this Searching the cover Searching covers DVDM-100
Selecting existing cover EditiNG iNfoRMAtioN EditiNG EditiNG activation other YouR iNtERfAcE PAssWoRd PRotEctioN RAtiNGs choosiNG YouR coNNEctioN testing the Format the Screen Brightness Sharpness and PAGE the the REMotE fRoM othER iNfoRMAtioN About YouR softWARE BrowSer iNtERfAcE Distributed DVDM-100
Selection technIcal troUBleShootIng InForMatIon sPEcificAtioNs Specifications Specifications Physical Specifications Party PAGE DVDM-100
ProDUct IntroDUctIon Thank purchasing from of D&M About this This to the with of the and of the information, please to the or YouR The this located the of the Please the the below. to whenever this fireball At the of the this matched the interface the of downloading software and the match the this Please the information about software PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE PREcAutioNs this Clean with cloth. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. To reduce the of shock, the cover. serviceable servicing to service To shock, to three grounded outlet required. You that or this or writing authorized of warranty and/ or authority to this Prolonged of which or or burn-in. You to the turned and to the lowest time-out Warning: This the as the to the this disconnected from the DVDM-100
PAGE the and fireball of North America. fireball and of Other and of their respective and related the industry and related information www.gracenote.com CD and music-related from Inc., copyright CDDB Software, copyright This and service or of the following U.S. and other issued or and CDDB of The and and the of DVDM-100
iNfoRMAtioN Terms of with warranty. This warranty coverage of from the of and/or purchase (whichever This warranty the following features and months service, and around in-warranty repairs. charges to the other than in-bound charges which the shipments Transportation (approximately business months of hour telephone (9AM to 7PM EST), through 24-hour from the Software broadband or Access to 24-hour and and services to thousands of CD and DVD and associated information. What covered The of this warranty to cover that might with This includes to operation, or of the warranty, and the of the the right to or factory refurbished the of these in-warranty the of the repaired ground At the or the or and What Not covered products through of items to and this warranty. Additionally, there which warranty These The purchased through which the or physically or covered warranty. cover warranty to the as of fire, or other acts of or unauthorized or to follow instructions. type of unauthorized or to the to the covered this warranty. caused to the as of or installation. related to the of the which with the caused to the as of to third peripherals or products, or incorrect to or products. PAGE DVDM-100
Additionally, cover the following items the terms or its warranty or of technical Battery to the or of the to other property caused this based of of the of or or other whether or or of including to recorded to It the customers to the and/or within the rights of the copyright to Product or Customer Please the following information ready or Customer technician: Product of or Purchase of Purchase the warranty Technical Authorization (RMA) This to attached to the of the Additional instructions technical Please to and internal to of the the responsibility of the shippers only coverage please the of Warranty of warranty service charges apply. Technical information this service the of the PAGE DVDM-100
PRivAcY to with that and and to services and and each and created this to to to about the information that why and with whom It hope that, reading this to and that information responsibly. the the this The option to the appears the of the the the and choosing the and then selecting the PRivAcY option.. iNfoRMAtioN the following information. Once with to of further Phone: Press or hours: coPYRiGht This copyright D&M and rights PAGE DVDM-100
tERMs dEfiNitioNs Following throughout this to graphic item the of titles. and created the highlight highlighting to the selection the selection or right, the highlight to the action that information displayed the the pressed. info text the of the to information about the highlighted title. of or or title of commonly to as CD, or Playlist. to of the or MP3 MP3 than the CD and sound FLAC than the CD and of the WMA from Microsoft which or of information, to library. the to the currently PAGE DVDM-100
This that the that with If properly connected to please back and follow the with this the the LED located to the the Please this the LED RED, the or There when Press the the front or the once and the displayed TV. The ON and the LED To from the ON back to the or the the front or the once. The output and the LED red. If from reason, including or the to the as as restored. turned to the that when to force the fireball to and the the front of the seconds, and release when the the LED RED and completed its the once to the PAGE DVDM-100
fRoNt PAGE DVDM-100
REAR oPticAl coMMuNicAtioN EthERNEt PAGE DVDM-100
REMotE PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE With REMotE The to text text This text to allow to text such as those that the and wireless should when required. where characters to (such as appear the that displays the indicating that characters with the The based text to that telephones and characters associated with that the or You seconds to character from the If the within seconds, the character associated with that the character. If the within seconds, the text to the location that the to character. The and each three and and from to to and characters. The and both four and and from to The and of the characters and through each character every press. The text characters follow the telephone the of the and which characters. characters the of or characters that follow that characters preferred. Therefore, characters the following lowercase, and the first to the first associated with the Pressing the once displays A the field, the displays B, DVDM-100
C. The fourth displays the fifth displays and the sixth displays Lastly, the seventh displays the the character text field or the character following that and the character the following lowercase, and the following the of characters that appear when the character or character character or character PAGE DVDM-100
Supported The following currently supported. This from to as released third Please the of DVP-CX777ES CD/DVD DV-5900M and DV-5050M CD/DVD CD (CDP-CX with to three connected the and type You DVD and CD the the first should connected to and RS232 The to and the third to PAGE DVDM-100
connecting that each to the back and follow these to to fireball: Rs-232 with each of the Rs-232 the back of fireball. the other of the Rs-232 the the back of the patch that with of the the the back of fireball the other of the the the back of If than these to the to and and respectively. the quality, should or included) and the should included) and and to RS-232 COM and and or length. PAGE DVDM-100
cD/DVD that each to the back and follow these to to fireball: the Rs-232 that with this the with each of the Rs-232 the back of fireball. the other of the Rs-232 the the back of the that with of the the the back of fireball the other of the the the back of If than these to the to and and respectively. the should or included) and the should included) and To and off the the included to the IR the and the DVD CONTROL the PAGE DVDM-100
connecting that each to the back and follow these to to fireball: the included this the with each of the the the back of fireball. the other of the the A1 the back of the patch that with of the the the back of fireball the other of the the the back of command switch the rear the to switch, the to to If than these to the to and and respectively. the should or included) and PAGE DVDM-100
following the instructions and the seconds. If the then manually the the below. The information that displays TV NOT included the CDs that recorded or CDs/DVDs The artist and the Gracenote Service. The cover, title, info, and cover art the service. This information from the to using This to as Information. PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE Information Once connected to and with CDs/DVDs, to the and seconds the information from each each each previously the to and then each previously the to One the of from each CD/DVD and to the service, or CDDB using as builds Music/Movies Library. each and the updated to the information and cover art. of the the displayed. You manually following these Press the the to the the the fireball each and CDs each CDs and CDs the without or that these If to the first CDs, then CDs to the DVDM-100
PAGE Information of If to the information of the follow these to of Press the the to the the the RANGE of to than which to the the displays the and each the selected DVDM-100
PAGE Information If to the information the follow these to Press the the to the the the the displays the and as each each DVDM-100
PAGE InForMatIon The to the If the to manually the from to the Preferences The and active when from the or Both and from the to the the to both and this shows which active each type of connecting only the of the to the the of the DVDM-100
and including: active the as as without causing The the the Interface, that input. One of the typically the optional ETP-1500 to the user directly the touch The other the input or distributed installation. The typically such as the AV-61 or the ZR-4630/8630 PAGE DVDM-100
Rs-232 coNNEctioNs using RS-232 You should COM and each COM to ETP-1500 wired or to interface with third such as AMX or If both ETP-1500 and the ETP-1500 to COM and COM the You should the Ethernet from third whenever the Ethernet frees COM other allows and the and coNNEctioNs of the to the and services should broadband coNNEctioNs The IR input the back of the from wired IR such as This IR with using or The IR input 12V This that directly 12V IR the to the using PAGE DVDM-100
EthERNEt coNNEctioNs The Ethernet the back of the twisted CAT5 Ethernet If connecting to typically Ethernet from Ethernet router or to the There or of twisted-pair the and and highly recommended. It easily with and You cabling that or own. purchased or as straight-through or crossed. thin, wires that from of the to the other. wires and Ethernet Although four wires used, the wires, the wires to connected both Straight-through connecting to connecting to another (there built-in that internally, which allows to together with straight instead). straight-through wires and of the wires and the other the of the wires from to the other: becomes and becomes To which the that the of the RJ-45 (the that first) facing from the that the (the to the the the PAGE DVDM-100
CAT5 cabling should The following the typical CAT5. information about Ethernet please to the PAGE DVDM-100
coNNEctioNs There to follow when connecting to from CD and DVD/CD of CD of DVD should connected to COM or should connected to COM or should connected to COM or should connected to or Coax should connected to or should connected to or Coax should connected to should connected to should connected to to three or connected or or outputs from to the E2 to the CD outputs) The when recording from each to CD1 and to A1-II Continuous and PAGE DVDM-100
to three DVP-CX777ES connected RS-232 RS-232 DB9 included with the from should connected to the The when recording from each to Command to three DV-5900 or DV-5050 connected RS232 or from the DVD each to the the back of the RS-232 DB9 included with the outputs from should connected to the The when recording from each to MAIN. CDs appear PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE accomplished when through the the includes properly and then connecting to the to and the stations. If the follow these to of the information and that the to Service and the Servers. coNNEctioN the Ethernet Network the to the fireballs back Ethernet should when properly connected to Ethernet from the Ethernet the this the Ethernet which the following the to router or the selected Addressing. the to Gateway to the the router and the If of these with the router properly as DHCP router, and that the the PC. with ISP or whether or should DHCP IP If to IP the assigned to with ISP or network using IP DVDM-100
PAGE coNNEctioN required. required. phone existing Service (ISP) account or AOL account following the on-screen instructions. the there tone the account and the username, and should obtained from isP. the phone the that the account and testing them connected to the this the account and properly the Quickstart Preferences allows to the location. these or tone instead of to or other to when using phone Waiting service, the to from the typically, this the service from that the tone heard to this the which from when DVDM-100
once of the should the to the from the Preferences the this the which the following that the connected to which the to the using the first the to the the of the and the account. the to the If of these the with the the ISP, account information, and that the PC. Static IP allowed with ISP supply IP once the established and the account authenticated. PAGE DVDM-100
DVD bRoWsiNG YouR that DVD and the information from the the to whats the The displays of the and the each highlighted, that the Information and to the currently highlighted title. the currently highlighted the as DVD DVD player. the the and the the and to Once the to the TV to the selected and the interface. PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE While the the to the The when switch the to Press the to back to the and where off. Info infromation the currently highlighted the info the The with to the of DVD Library. There that switch the the Cover title the of DVD alphabetically from to Z, to the Title. cover displays graphical of DVD cover art, alphabetically from to Z, to the DVDM-100
GENRE to the the The displays of to the library. or The the which displays Library. PAGE DVDM-100
to bRoWsiNG YouR If CDs or the as DVDM, the to The allows to and of easy to on-screen The displays of the and the each highlighted, that the Information and Cover to the currently highlighted Title. If the the the to of the Titles Press the (when highlighted) to the and the track PAGE DVDM-100
titlE the currently highlighted the as CD CD the the and to from If SELECT with Track highlighted, playback from the selected Track. that appears with of the (or tracks) the this the The displays the artist cover art, and the the and the using the Highlight and to the PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE The GUIDE the to switch the and the the GUIDE to to the The with to the of Library. One of the to and using the There that switch the MENU/VIEW the artist the and displays alphabetically from to to the then the cover displays graphical of cover art, alphabetically from to Z, to the then DVDM-100
PAGE The the from Track to the then If to the of tracks played, there to choose from: Normal each track the then the and title each the then the each each title the and then them Random title and from within the title. and track from title the group. or every the played To the the MODE the of the MODE switch to the Stop the MODE when the appear the You directly using the OPTIONS and the DVDM-100
GENRE to the the The of to the library. or The the which displays Library. the and arrow the Notice that the of to the selected the to the to to the to the right to to the section instructions creating from PAGE DVDM-100
to bRoWsiNG stAtioNs The displays of Stations. the and the each Station highlighted, that the Information and to the currently highlighted Station. Press the the to the Press the MUSIC to to the only Broadband PAGE DVDM-100
stAtioN the currently highlighted Station the as selecting and off typical receiver. the the and the currently highlighted located, and then played. that appears information about the selected station. This the The displays the location, cover art, and about the Although stations broadband recommended. to the of the which to factors such as Stations hosted and You Stations Stations. Please to the section information. art, and artist only the information the Station broadcaster. PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE YoUr cREAtiNG allows to Playlists. of that choose from Library. Common Playlists Collections of that or Custom from or of Party Workout follow these to own Playlist: Press the to the Press the oPtioNs to the options the NEW the or Playlist. the to to the the the and to highlight, expand, or titles. each to to the Playlist, highlight the and the the appears to the right of each selected indicating that to the Playlist. Press to the selected of the to include the playlist, the the to the Playlist. finished creating Playlist, the displayed highlighting the created Playlist. You the title or CD. the PLAY the Notice that to the The as as least playlist Library. DVDM-100
PAGE to Playlists, allows to of or Stations. created appear the with the created and CDs, and Playlists). together. of titles or stations 80s, of the together access. easily of to Group, follow these Press the to the to the or the to Group. Press the oPtioNs to the options the NEW the or Group. the to to the the the or each title or to to the Group, highlight the title or and the the appears to the right of each selected title or indicating that to the Group. Press to the selected of the or stations to include the group, the button the to the Group. finished creating Group, the highlighting the created Group. Notice that to the with the The alphabetically within the and appear to the right of the and DVDM-100
PAGE stAtioNs with high streaming Stations from around the that enough Stations. stations to these specifications: WMA or MPEG II streams. or To Stations, to the URL or to the PC. station, follow these to to the the the the Press the oPtioNs to the options the NEW stAtioN the or information the including: location, the of the the the type (MP3 or WMA), and the of or the cover art to which select. the to the station. finished creating station, the displayed highlighting the created Station. You the other station. DVDM-100
PAGE stAtioNs every to that the Stations and to the of the and the third who actually these streams, to station. The Stations allows to of the stations from Stations WILL NOT stations from It WILL the stations with fresh to the stations with of stations, follow these the the the Press the oPtioNs to the options the stAtioNs the and to proceed. fireball to the and the stations. finished the Stations, the displayed showing the Stations and user stations. DVDM-100
PAGE EditiNG iNfoRMAtioN to of thousands of DVD titles, DVD that the information from the You the information DVD using the Info follow these to the information the title: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the item to the information the or wireless the title, year of release, aspect ration, or the to and to the DVDM-100
PAGE Information this The This initiate this to the Service to and the information. follow these to information the highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the item to the information the this the info displayed as fireball to the information from the the to the information where or the the to and to the Selecting the PREvious or buttons to the and the information the previous or DVDM-100
PAGE Searching Information Manually Occasionally the the information and art. This might the or release. You and to Unknown or manually search the information using the Search This that allows to search the or match the title. follow these to search cover: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the item to the information the to the search the title as the search You the title to the search. that the title Not the library. these to search the to the search. the info displayed as fireball to search the information the title the search to the information where or the the to and to the Searching The to the There to when searching from the from the the of the than DVDM-100
PAGE Selecting existing If reason the cover, choose of the existing covers the Title. follow these to existing cover to assign to the title: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the item to the information the to the cover using the arrow and the the of the title to the cover to the title. Notice that of the selected cover appears the right of the as highlight each Press the the when located the cover of the to selection and to the DVDM-100
PAGE If reason the follow these to existing to assign to the title: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the item to the information the to the the arrow and buttons the Press the the when edited the to selection and to the previous DVDM-100
PAGE EditiNG iNfoRMAtioN to CD titles, CD that cover or the information. You the information using the and Tracks Info follow these to the information the title: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the iNfo item to the information the or wireless the artist title, of release, or the to and to the previous Selecting the PREvious or to the and the information the or DVDM-100
PAGE track You manually the Track/Song of the currently highlighted the follow these to the information the title: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the iNfo info item to the information the to the using the or wireless the of each track. Press the to to the track. the to and to the DVDM-100
PAGE Information this The This initiate this to the Service to and the information. follow these to information the highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the iNfo item to the information the this the info displayed as fireball to the information from the service the to the information where or the the to and to the DVDM-100
PAGE Searching the cover Occasionally the cover or the cover Title. You manually search the cover art the Search This that allows to search the or match the artist and/or follow these to search cover: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the iNfo item to the information the to the search cover the and title as the search You of these to the search. that the or title Not them the library. these to search cover. the to the search. the info displayed as fireball to search the using the and title the search to the information where or the the to and to the Searching covers The to matching cover the and There to when searching covers: from the and Title. from the the of the than DVDM-100
PAGE Selecting existing If reason the cover, choose of the existing covers the follow these to existing cover to assign to the title: highlight the title to the Press the oPtioNs the the iNfo item to the information the to the cover using the arrow and the the of the title to the cover to the title. Notice that of the selected cover appears the right of the as highlight each Press the the when located the cover of choice. the to selection and to the DVDM-100
PAGE EditiNG iNfoRMAtioN to Information, the Information. follow these to the information the currently highlighted station: the the the Press the oPtioNs to the options the stAtioN item to the the or the information the including: location, the of the the type of (MP3 or WMA), and the of or the cover art to which select. the to the DVDM-100
PAGE EditiNG You the and or from created. follow these to Playlist: Press the to the highlight the to the of Playlists. Press the oPtioNs to the options the the or the of or the to the and to the each to to the Playlist, highlight the and the the appears to the right of each selected indicating that to the Playlist. each to from the Playlist, highlight the and the the the to the right of the indicating that the should from the Playlist. or of the to include the playlist, the the to the Playlist. If from Playlist, the You within Playlist. DVDM-100
PAGE EditiNG with Playlists, the of Group, or Stations to the Group, or or Stations from the Group. follow these to Group: Press the to the or the to the highlight the to within the Press the oPtioNs to the options the the or the of or the to the and to the each title or to to the Group, highlight the title or and the the appears to the right of each selected title or indicating that to the Group. each title or to from the Group, highlight the title or and the the the to the right of the title or that the title or should from the Group. or of the titles or stations to include the playlist, the the to the Group. You the CDs, or Playlists). If or Stations from Group, the You and Stations within Group. They alphabetically. DVDM-100
PAGE You recorded to the using the You to this and or to that to. follow these to from fireball: Press the to the Press the oPtioNs to the options the item to the info Press the to to the each to highlight the and the the appears to the right of each selected track indicating that Press the to the Pressing the toGGlE the when title highlighted or of the titles selected of the to the group, the the to permanently and the tracks. You physical CDs from the Library. You the from the CDs to from the DVDM-100
PAGE You Playlists from the follow these to permanently or Playlists from the Press the to the Press the oPtioNs to the options the item to the Playlists each to highlight the and the the appears to the right of each selected indicating that Press the to the selected of the Playlists to the to permanently and the Playlists. DVDM-100
PAGE from the to Playlists. The of the (the or Stations) They other they assigned to and the Group. follow these to Press the to the or the to the Press the oPtioNs to the options the item to the Playlists each to highlight the and the the appears to the right of each selected indicating that Press the to the selected of the to the to permanently and the Playlists. You the cds, internal, or Playlists). DVDM-100
PAGE to options and Press the SETUP the to the the the and right) to highlight and each to from the output of and to information to the when activated. follow these to Press the the to the the the Preferences activation You the amount of that activating the from to Warning: and to burn-in than others, therefore, activation to reduce the of burn-in. other Select the Normal, or Product The Normal displays the title or information while the Product Demonstration DVDM-100
PAGE The (RDM) that activated The RDM continuously displays features and of the the attached TV. Pressing the temporarily the RDM and allow the to the the specified the RDM as the follow these to the fireball follow the instructions to and fireball. fireball and the the the the the the option and the of to the the The RDM activated whenever the the specified of the too high as the of increased with of displays, type displays. DVDM-100
PAGE YouR Specify which US located follow these to Press the the to the the the DVDM-100
PAGE iNtERfAcE to the interface theme, the allows to theme and background each and You background the Backgrounds directory should and or follow these to background fireball: Press the the the the interface backgrounds the to the background option, the and highlight displayed to the right of the Press the the to the each screen to the when to to the backgrounds than others. backgrounds with and DVDM-100
PAGE PAssWoRd PRotEctioN Optional Protection to to the This to the to the and follow these to using the to the field. Press the to highlight the field. the Press the to highlight the Press to and Protection the You and to the protection. If specified, prompted whenever the the If the matches the to the user the off If the match, the to the If the third the match, the allow the to the If the to the allowed whenever the follow these to the Press the and existing highlight the and the the and cleared. highlight the and You to without DVDM-100
PAGE RAtiNGs to the of the This with the Protection You Protection and the to the section information Protection. the highest ration to the without PG-13 with MPAA rating PG-13 (R, NC- and X) shown the when Protection follow these to Press the the to the the the RAtiNGs the highest rating to the without the to and to the previous DVDM-100
PAGE choosiNG YouR coNNEctioN Ethernet and connected to the to information, software and access. from or If broadband such as DSL, or ISDN Ethernet and to Ethernet You Ethernet to to Ethernet information about If ISP Service (such as AOL, Compuserve, Earthlink, MSN the follow these to network Press the the to the the the coNNEctioNs or DVDM-100
PAGE testing the It to that selected functioning properly exiting the Network follow these to selected the coNNEctioN the Network the to to each that while that the the to to the If or X, properly connected and properly Ethernet or DVDM-100
PAGE Ethernet the choice which with the performance and allows to as to throughout the optional Players. Ethernet that each the with These usually If PC or DHCP should the fireball to Ethernet the included Ethernet and then follow these to Ethernet Press the the to the the the EthERNEt or to manually tcP/iP information. If Static TCP/IP to IP DNS and from DVDM-100
PAGE If to ISP to to the information selected ISP. This information obtained ISP or from PC, to to the to and the to the back of fireball, then follow these to specify Press the the to the the the or user or obtained from isP. tone or such as to Waiting service should (or other to temporarily while fireball. this Waiting from fireball functions that such as finally which compuserve or other. If to the the coNNEctioN to the as DVDM-100
PAGE allows to remotely PC. The allows to easily and to follow these to fireball: Press the the to the the the fireball using the or wireless or theater might which which fireball to to. follow these to to when connecting to fireball from browser: Press the the to the the the to from when from browser. There when connecting from browser. DVDM-100
PAGE You specify which of the to the from The the with light from the The the round which or RCA follow these to input Press the the to the the the oPticAl or as input type. the to and to the previous DVDM-100
PAGE Format to or aspect TV follow these to the fireball Press the the to the the the foRMAt using the and the aspect Press the the to highlight the button. Press to the interface interface DVDM-100
PAGE the Allows to the interface TV follow these to the fireball Press the the to the the the using the and Right the the that appears Press the the to highlight the Press to the DVDM-100
PAGE Brightness follow these to the Press the the to the the the the then to the where the the this as to the as without the of software and Press to to the DVDM-100
PAGE The or allows to the (which of their TV, using the or This reduce and clearer, interface. follow these to the Press the the to the the the or the then to the where the appears straight and to completely straight this as to the as without the of software and Press to to the previous DVDM-100
PAGE Sharpness The Sharpness allows the the Sharpness or of their TV that text as as of the Sharpness the TV, allows to and accurately. follow these to the sharpness Press the the to the the the sharpness or and the text the as as to and the sharpness this sharpness as to the as without the of software and Press to to the DVDM-100
PAGE and to the TV to the follow these to the and Press the the to the the the and and the the where they appearing to together and the appear to too bright. this and as as without the of software and Press to to the previous DVDM-100
PAGE switch the and from the DVD when title. This allows to input or TV instead of You or and or from each to the the of the of from to A/V or TV with the following input and and TV) outputs and TV) of of of follow these to the surround Press the the the the surround the to the highlight the and to the the or and switched and then through to theater and switched, matching and theater. Surround with and A/V receivers with RS-232 Please or information about this DVDM-100
The optional Touch LCD that offers of follow these to the to fireball: the fireball the Rs-232 to the rear of fireball. the other of the Rs-232 to the of the of to of fireballs the other of the to the input the the to Press the the front of the the the fireball, the the The ETP-1500 COM PORT and the user interface the around the of the PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE the To the performance the ETP-1500 Touch the should the using the follow these to the Press the the the the the the displayed. follow the instructions, touching the with the the touching the buttons around the of the Although these buttons the functionality of the the wireless IR and when the ETP- DVDM-100
PAGE the The the user interface with the ETP-1500 and third-party The ETP-1500 detected the and the You choose to manually or the Third Party or Touch overlays. There of overlays, the and the The useful that of the overscan such as the ETP-1500. The that the The should Third Party The should around the of These buttons the functions found the and allow to interact and touching each the ETP-1500. interface interface DVDM-100
PAGE REMotE from the factory to from the FB1 however, the to of the four buttons the This when there the location, to the IR commands. the following to which or each commands from: follow these to fireball to of the four Press the the to the fireball the the Remote which to to this fireball. Press the to the and the selecting the these each selecting FB each. DVDM-100
PAGE Direct Access with the MACRO the to IR to about This third-party and IR such as the RC9500. The Direct and titles, playlists, and stations. follow these to the fireball Press the the to the fireball the the Access which to titles Playlists stations You of this information using the Interface. to IP and Setup->Direct DVDM-100
The following to the from the IR and IR Access Remote function Artist-title [artist-title title title [playlist [track PAGE DVDM-100
The following to the from the IR and IR Access Remote function combinations M, Artist-title A, [artist-title title title R, P, [playlist G, the to Press: MACRO, C, D, ENTER the to playlist Press: MACRO, P, ENTER the to Press: MACRO, MACRO, ENTER PAGE the to playlist Press: MACRO, ENTER the to the number Press: MACRO, ENTER If of editing to and these If with the please that the IR SETUP. DVDM-100
PAGE to directly Playlists from of these combinations: Backspace Top follow these to assign to of the combinations: Press the the to the fireball the the item the of the from the the the to the and which to assign to the and each If there nothing the first Playlists DVDM-100
PAGE The COM to which RS-232 COM to with third If there COM the Ethernet based with third follow these to which to Press the the to the fireball the the the which to DVDM-100
fRoM othER to the ETP-1500 wired the and A/V with options and theater or IR RS-232 Ethernet and wireless fireball built-in the following products: AMX Streams Theater RTI Please the or information about existing or theater or PAGE DVDM-100
PAGE iNfoRMAtioN About YouR Information about and software the This information troubleshooting with or the software follow these to the fireball information: Press the the to the the the iNfoRMAtioN DVDM-100
PAGE There of manually or of the using the front and the other the follow these to the using the front Press and the seconds. the the front to flash, release the the the front REd fireball ready to Press and release the to fireball. follow these to the Press the the to the the the that to the and the the the front REd fireball ready to Press and release the to fireball. DVDM-100
PAGE softWARE the once software and them. You manually software follow these to manually the software: Press the the to the the the the that to the software. fireball to and the software with the release. of the fireball software and DVDM-100
BrowSer built-in which to and from PC, or PDA acts as allowing to and the PC or This and each the You to the from PC or or OSX) TCP/IP You wireless or wired Ethernet as as DHCP router or assigned IP Please with The the the SETUP/ NETWORK the to the interface. iNtERfAcE the Interface Browser, every aspect of The Interface to TV interface allowing to each (Music, as as features such as and and to the interface instead of the IR Access to of the the buttons the and right of the interface. These those found the PAGE interface interface DVDM-100
that of to other The that from Currently there three products that from MP-150 DVDM-100 to the You the VPN the MP3 and FLAC streamed to You cant CDs from the internal or from Playlists that MP3s/FLAC the Playlists that MP3s/FLAC and non-streamable NOT appear the You of the to streamed. products). PAGE DVDM-100
If and location such as or to third to sound and to each This type of allows and to every of the or office and the professional with installation. built from the ground with that allow to centrally and remotely and such Direct IR input RS-232 Wireless IR and options IR IR Templates third wired and wireless IR and templates PAGE DVDM-100
Distributed distributed that and physically distributed or located Distributed wired or wireless to to The of distributed that everything built IR, high-quality and as as of or using from the PAGE DVDM-100
Every of to MP3 and FLAC whenever and properly It that each of that location the which from etup/Network HomeTheater, the Optionally, assign to the This from the and to to from If the user to when to the from their PC. This to to through the HTTP Each the network as the This that properly connected to the as Please to the HomeNetworkingPrimer the information about Selection the first the and to it If than manually the which from The displays of found their or Once and selection, MUSIC to the the the the of the You then and from the as from PAGE DVDM-100
technIcal or Customer group. hours: Press or www.escient.com Please the following information ready the Customer technician: Product of or Purchase of Purchase PAGE DVDM-100
troUBleShootIng If or connecting to the to information, these that properly connected to and that using TCP/IP and UDP Ethernet and If router that these TCP and UDP. If TCP/IP router to that to assign IP DHCP and router. If DHCP isnt using IP The Authority (IANA) the following three of the IP and that the first nothing while the of numbers, and the third of C numbers. The RFC found FTP AMX, or other third of the Ethernet router softWARE software Software once the of the first You manually software the Software found the when recording CDs. CDs with when creating CDs. You purchase and as or Music CDs. PAGE DVDM-100
InForMatIon sPEcificAtioNs Specifications to without Please the to the specifications. Specifications NTSC SNR: Specifications THD+N (playback) FS A_D-DSP-D-A FS Separation: S/PDIF to terminated) AC 100-240VAC, Physical Specifications Width: Depth: PAGE Party FCC: US Class NTSC NTSC RS-170A Conforms to: UL STD Certified CAN/CSA STD E60065-00 CE Class This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or TV with this to with the Class FCC DVDM-100
OF THis OF THE BELOW. This and from of California The from (the Software) this to and music-related information, including track, and title information which included the (the You that the and Software only. You that of the user and of this You to assign, or the Software or to third party. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OR EXPLOIT GRACENOTE DATA, THE GRACENOTE DATABASE, OR GRACENOTE COMPONENT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREIN. You that to the the and Software terminate these If terminates, to and of the the and Software. rights the and Software, including ownership rights. You that its rights this directly its The Software and each item of to AS IS. or warranties, or implied, the of the right to or to and that warranty that the Software or that functioning of the Software to with or or that choose to the GRACENOTE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GRACENOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THE RESULTS THAT WILL BE OBTAINED BY YOUR USE OF THE GRACENOTE COMPONENT OR ANY GRACENOTE SERVER. IN NO CASE WILL GRACENOTE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES. PAGE DVDM-100