Remote RC200 and Remote RC200 It included with the purchase of purchased This to: and or and its This typical that learns IR from TVs, CD players, and DVD players. This features: with wireless to Back-lighting and ease of Quick-access buttons to recently and buttons functionality features (DSS), TV Tuners, (DVR), DVD Players, CD Changers/Players, MP3 Players, or TVs. four AA (included) and the four AA (included with the the back of the that them the to the the (with the and terminals correctly). Battery and and clean. from the expected to months. reduce performance. the Battery CAUTION! To shorting, or AA only the types, such as and rechargeable to recharge the specifically rechargeable. of fire. Attention rechargeables recharger rechargeable AA the Remote and to the the (selected the where the the the SR-250 (RC200) the Interface section. AA AA RC200 the as the Remote SR-250. The SR- the that to selected the software. AA AA Double-click SR-250 (RC200) to the to the the SR-250 (RC200): the to the Network Select SR-250 (RC200) the Click (or right-click and choose prompted to the four to the to the To the process, the the as the and the If to the the Once the MAC appears the or Remote as Composer: the the tree the SR- (RC200) to the The the light (brightness) of the backlight. Choose from to brightness). the light (brightness) of the backlight. Choose from to brightness). the activity. The seconds, to seconds or reduced to to life. Battery of batteries. the the RC200, which should match the the Gateway the MAC of the (usually specify differently). MAC the MAC the firmware or If to the to match the (which to reception), the following the RC200: Press the once or to Press that to arrows and then Select to Press button to and the On the RC200, buttons (Red, and to These to of the AV or IR these options the AV property and to Director. the selected. that the following Remote RC200 AV to Select On the Network the and the Remote both the buttons (Red, Yellow, or based the selected AV or the selected Based AV (pictured): Select AV to the On the choose or the to then choose or from the text as and then choose text to the House option of the choose From the choose Choose the to Subtitle Based pictured): Select Select the Select the Commands the the to or (such as the items from the Action to the actions the selected when the selected or used. to the the Remotes You the of this through This to or to the to when pressed. This would allow the to the To the this and to Director. Select the Select the that to to the to first the the section the then the the Actions the right), Remote RC200. the Commands choose action the and then the arrow to the action to the The of its buttons. seconds The seconds or of its buttons. Stop The
FCC FCC ID: R33C4SR250Z This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or IMPORTANT! or the authority to the ID: 7848A-C4SR250Z This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Australian/New AS/NZS A1:2005 A2:2006. CE Declaration of Conformity Information United States Information DMI MA The Phone: IN Product: Remote RC200 The of that the referenced to which this conformity with the of: Council Directive 89/336/EEC Council Directive 1999/5/EC (R&TTE) Council Directive 73/23/EEC Council Directive 93/68/EEC Directives 336/EEC and 73/23/EEC and tested to the of, and shown to with, the following EN Information Class B. EN 55024:1998+A1+A2 Information characteristics and of EN V1.4.1 operating the ISM band. EN covering of the R&TTE Directive. Recycling Warranty 2-year Warranty. to www.escient.co.uk/warranty About this Copyright and the of D&M Inc. other of their respective owners. RC200_0409