MS616A Switch Installation and This covers this Switch EFMS616A/N1B UK: EFMS616A/T1B Whats the The following items included Switch Switch MS616A) IEC This Instructions these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding-type and third The or the third If the of the 10.Protect the from or pinched, and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the with the or specified the or with the used, when the to from this lighting or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as when power-supply or or the the to or ate normally, or WARNING! the to or splashing. with the AVERTISSEMENT! WARNUNG! WARNING! To reduce the of fire or shock, this to or AVERTISSEMENT! WARNUNG! WARNING! connected to outlet with protective earthing AVERTISSEMENT! forces WARNUNG! and Specifications Network or Technical Specifications MS616A Technical Specifications of L/R Connectors RCA typical of L/R Connectors RCA typical to to to High EQ to Shelving EQ 100-240V~ Amps Amps Additional The following Escient-authorized and Switches to input to to and each chassis three (RU) and mountable to EIA Communicates with Ethernet and wireless mesh-networking). Backlighting with or Select and seconds). About the Switch or switch and choosing options or the front user interface Select through and selecting or options displayed the LCD IEC (included). Supports AC input VAC Ethernet RJ-45 Ethernet (Left-Right RCA input to (Left-Right RCA to amplifiers Source Each of the (the RCA each The the front of the To these software (such as PC). information, to the that shipped with or professional or The of initially routing the Switch software PC trained only). You from the front The front allows to or routing and bass, and The shows the and activity. the Switch This operates as of the which physical and to function as and and Devices to the Network and Static IP This chapter terms, to physical the Switch and associated to instructions. To the to software and (such as CD or players, or players) included the to the amplifiers or amplified as to the to the Network and If Ethernet the Switch the from the the Switch RJ-45 and the or the or switch. the to the back of the Switch and to the Once the connected, the Switch should Physical and to and the Switch as the physical the Switch To the trained PC connected (and with software to the If trained to the Network To the At the to Assignments the Network On the Network choose Ethernet or rotating and the Select IMPORTANT! Composer, the as the type (Ethernet or that choose the To the as both types. IMPORTANT! type (Ethernet WICHTIG! (Ethernet If the switch to the EUID, and displayed. This options: the switch Composer, this to the Network If the switch to Ethernet the MAC of IP the IP and displayed. The Switch DHCP to IP If the DHCP, the switch to Static IP instead:
Press the Select to Press the or (or the Select to choose Static IP. Press OK (or the Select Press (or the Select the IP, and the Static IP the Select to then the the Select to the or and as then the Select to to the field within the finished editing, Switch This chapter the interface to Switch users and with the Switch from the front NOTE: Following to manually the Switch This the The of this chapter completely optional. This room-specific To to to choose or That or to of this switch. Assignments Once the physical and or the Switch front the Switch the following appears momentarily. The then the to Assignments Once assignment, the displays the to Assignments To assignments: Switch and that the to Assignments displays the front On the to Assignments the input-to-output assign- The consists of and assigned input The arrow the currently selected. To these the buttons the front output-specific The choose to the Network: the Network From this Ethernet or the To or On the to the to the of the (which the accessed). From the to another the the or to the If the output-specific to the Select to highlight and the and then (Optional) the the the of the currently assigned input and to the input You this to input Supported and to Supported to Supported to Supported to To to input information, the To the the the Select to highlight Press the Select to the to the then the to the and or, to without the Press the to to the or the to to the to From the to the button, then the to the On the appears the of input with Network To Press Network. From the Network Ethernet or To to the Network Preferences To the front On the to the The ration displays. the buttons and/or the to choose to change: Once the Select (or the the buttons or Select to the highlighted then the OK (or the to the and Brightness: Supported to Contrast: Supported to Timeout: Supported OFF off) to seconds seconds) ON factory This with established the following North America FCC FCC ID: R33C416S2EB This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or IMPORTANT! or the authority to the IMPORTANT! WICHTIG! Industry IC: R33C416S2EB This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 (ETL) This tested ETL and found to with: UL Seventh Edition, and Musical Household, and CSA C22.2 Issued: First Edition, Revision: and CE Declaration of Conformity Information DMI MA The Product: Switch16 MS616A) The of Corporation, that the above-referenced to which this conformity with the of: Council Directive 89/336/EEC Council Directive 1999/5/EC (R&TTE) Council Directive 73/23/EEC Council Directive 93/68/EEC Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC and tested to the of, and shown to with, the following EN V1.7.1 and (ERM); operating the ISM and using tion EN incorporates: EN61000 and A1 A2) EN EN of and supply IEC and and Australia/New AS/NZS CISPR 2006Information characteristics. isolation Recycling Warranty Warranty. to www.escient.co.uk/warranty About this Copyright and the of D&M Inc. other of their respective owners. MS616A_0409 United States Information IN Phone: