LS102 Wireless Switch Supported and EFLS102/N1W UK: EFLS102/N1W This AC This its Specifications and Supported This switch operates or as with It typical and to the using wireless The and below. VAC On AC Supported VAC 1000VA and VAC 1000VA based of inches IEEE WARNING! or SERIOUS INJURY, DEATH or LOSS/DAMAGE OF PROPERTY. WARNING! with and WARNING! If which wires or Ground, trained the installation. CAUTION! to CAUTION! If which wires or trained the installation. IMPORTANT! this other than outlined this warranty. Further, NOT incurred with the of this Year Warranty. IMPORTANT! NOT screw to this IMPORTANT! or the authority to the Instructions that the location and the following The and performance of the wireless the following: of the and located DO NOT rating of switch (which WARNING! or servicing the Switch off and the the or or the and wires: the each wires insulation back from the (as shown). Insulation WARNING! This Class and Earthed. and switch to the wires. wires the wired the and where the fromeither the light or the to wires back the the wires that they easily the the switch to the wires as indicated Wall wires the wired the switch to the the screws provided. the Decora-style screw-on plate (included). WARNING! back the completely back the that the front Single-Location Source Wall This function without AC To the switch single-location which the first routed to the to the wires indicated the following Wires the Wall Switch Wires From Source To Light with (protective earth, E, or with (earth, with E, or (earth, E, or Source Wall Two-Location Source Wall This function without AC To the switch and two-location 3-way-switch where the first routed to the the following: the switch Wall using to the following wires Wires Wall Switch Wires with (earth, E, or the Wall using (or to the following wires (illustrated Wires Wires Wall (from Wall with (earth, E, or with (earth, E, or Two-Location From To Light To Wall Source with (earth, E, or with (earth, E, or with (earth, E, or
Optional to the switch's wireless (RF) This to such as interference from other to the or the of faceplates. The Switch with whip the that to such Instructions the below. WARNING! To of shock that or to the switch, this should to connecting the switch the CAUTION! of This advanced functionality and should trained the the the top and of the and outward. flat-head screw to releasing the Once the the from its from the switch the of the of the board and to the wire. Once uncoiled, thread the the the of the board. the to the switch the and gently. Then the and the with the the switch and gently. that the routed through the notch the of the this Once the re-attached, with the the switch to the light and the as through of The to the performance, should oriented below the switch. To this without the to the should the below the switch and the through the back the Once the routed the with through of CAUTION! of The the containing high wires. IMPORTANT! shortened or the as this seriously and On the the Red/Green/Blue (RGB) which with or To this switch with to To this switch as stand-alone to the following Switch Expected of RGB To switch: Top Turn ON: top. Not Turn OFF: brightness and Cleaning NOT switch or its NOT cleaners to the switch. Clean with cloth as Troubleshooting If light least LED light and screwed tightly. turned OFF or tripped. the Configurationssection). the or of this or the Technical Please or the Year Warranty Warranty. to www.escienteurope.com/warranty This with established the following CE Declaration of Conformity Product: Wireless Switch The of that the above-referenced to which this conformity with the of: Council Directive 89/336/EEC Council Directive 1999/5/EC (R&TTE) Council Directive 2006/95/EC Council Directive 93/68/EEC Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC and tested to the of, and shown to with, the following EMC ETSI EN301489-1 and EN301489-17 and (ERM); (EMC) and services: Common Technical ETSI EN300328 and (ERM); the ISM and EN covering of the R+TTE Directive. EN60669-1 Switches household and installations EN60669-2-1 Switches household and switches Australian/New AS/NZS and AS/NZS Recycling About this Copyright and the of D&M Inc. other of their respective owners. LS102_0809