the USA ESCORT Inc. OH Sales/Service ESCORT Inc. AFR SpecDisplay and of ESCORT Inc. SWS of SWS, L.C. Features, specifications and to without C C C C
Congratulations Reference Card PASSPORT supercharged, custom-installed with The includes X, K, and and reduced and and and the performance from ESCORT. Its GPS features from including motion and other with thousands of red-light and fixed-position locations throughout North The boasts the following state-of-the-art performance and features: allows easy to information and Ultra-bright crystal-clear information Revolutionary performance based vehicle and and displays to SpecDisplay offers within specified New threat-signal (TSR) software sorts, and traffic-flow DEFENDER thousands of red-light and fixed- and throughout North America Location allows to instantly known and other of Advanced Preferences instantly to features with ESCORT If of the Reference and and the Preferences section and the features. If this first please this to the of performance and features. Please IMPORTANT INSTALLATION WARNING: PASSPORT installation. Although this to ESCORT recommends professional with installations. If professional www.EscortRadar. Attempting to the without installations or to or vehicle. perforations PASSPORT Reference Card The offers options to each option to Preferences To and both the CRU and SEN buttons seconds. The and Brightness to this perforations Press the CRU to the You the to from item to item or the to through the Press the SEN to within the selected You the to from to or the to through the To seconds without The Complete confirmation, and to operation. Factory To the to its factory and the MRK and VOLMUTE buttons while turning the The tone, acknowledging the turn the off. Preferences and holding both the CRU and SEN buttons seconds. The and Prefs Press and the CRU The through the with Light then and then Release the CRU when the shows Since the factory to the ON If release the CRU and to the the CRU displayed. Press the SEN to from ON to OFF To this seconds without The Complete This that the to its operation. Preferences
Reference Card perforations PASSPORT Reference Card Press the CRU to from to the Light indication) Press the SEN to within or or with and SpecDisplay off off GPS features GPS and English and Automatically brightness brightness brightness reported light ON) ON) ON) Other ON) when specified reached off Bluetooth Bluetooth optional Bluetooth Factory One or Turn selected ON or OFF holding the VOLMUTE HWY H.> STD EXP SPC ON OFF ON OFF GPS ON GPS OFF Units Units BRT BRT BRT BRT BRT DEF MOD Othr OFF Blth OFF Blth ON GPS Units Brightness Bluetooth DEF MOD ON or OFF ON) ON or OFF ON) ON or OFF ON) POP ON or OFF OFF) SWS ON or OFF OFF) LSR ON or OFF ON) TSR ON or OFF ON) Factory perforations Table of Introduction IMPORTANT WARNING Reference Card Reference and Brightness GPS Location Clearing the SpecDisplay Preferences To Preferences of Preferences of Preferences of Preferences Technical Specifications Works POP Works Works TSR Works GPS Works Works Light Work Work Software How Works Service Troubleshooting Service Warranty
Reference To the or off, the located the of the NOTE: ESCORT recommends the to the vehicles switch and off with the Location The Location (MRK) allows to location and reference. Once the reach this This useful when there known or location. Control/Mute To and the VOLMUTE located the of the Once reached of release the The this when the turned off. To the VOLMUTE to the The to the reduces the of the If off. The as its If choose other indications. the the band, with indicating the strength. You the which displays to once, or choose SpecDisplay which the The text GPS The GPS reception of GPS and when rejected. The (SEN) including and ESCORT the The (CRU) allows to when within specified options from Preferences The the factory ready to once easily to Press and both the CRU and SEN buttons to then easily or
and The to and off with the once This accomplished the interface to switched ACC the instructions.) If turn the and off the located the the Highway, or to which selected. If displays. the Preferences section To the to and the VOLMUTE The while depressed. Once reach the release the The this its memory, the off. The VOLMUTE the Press the VOLMUTE the the passed, the and the to includes the to selected reduces the than This without the of If the off. the Preferences section Brightness The to lighting (The light located the and the momentarily while the buttons). or If the the that NOTE: the the when the of The SEN allows to the Highway, or ESCORT recommends this the this the its based the of vehicle. At X- and reduced to caused At higher X- and increased to the as however, completely turned off. WARNING: the that there The allows to received while within selected To the the CRU The To change, the CRU to through choices. The Once reach release the To the off, the process.
and The that specified options from factory Once the specified reached, and warning the GPS The GPS the right of the and whether GPS At this and off GPS received. Once the received, the GPS flashing and the The GPS when rejected. with DEFENDER which thousands of red-light and fixed- and throughout North America. The factory the to reported as approach them. It recommended that the this To which reported, the Preferences section. Location The Location allows to location reference. Once the the assigned to the There four when location: (SPDTRAP), (SPDCAM), red- light (REDLGHT), and other (OTHER). To location, the MRK The MARK? Press the MRK and the appear, with SPDTRAP. If this the to the VOLMUTE to through the other Once reach the the MRK once to The MARKED appear the and this location. Once the as approach this location the NOTE: location the first least from that location to The warning each light or seconds when below when or Other: when below when NOTE: GPS ON Preferences the Location to To known (X band, band, or the VOLMUTE three the NOTE: It to around to locking The first the VOLMUTE the The the to this The third the VOLMUTE the location and of that the memory. The to acknowledge the information The the and the detected, the GPS clockwise, of the rejected The To and the VOLMUTE while the Unlock displayed. Press to and that Clearing the At to clear of the the This includes and locations. to this, and the MRK, VOLMUTE, and SEN buttons while the appear the Press the CRU to The counter- type sound to the and type of encountered. sound and increase as the This allows to the from the without off of the road. tone easy tone tone tone Since threat the to with
and POP Since POP or and threat the to these strength. If turned SWS within Preferences the to these with tone and text of the text The to locations with tone and text of location The and selection feedback. If off the the Preferences section of vehicle the seconds of This allows to instantly without of NOTE: or displayed. If the off. Preferences The consists of to of and displays the of the (X, K, or and of the strength. option advanced users. Please the to with its other features To the instead of the the to K- band, and four The actually It shows what each its within the band, and its strength. operated where there normally other KA the the detecting band, and X- there each Each shows detected. The height of each shows the strength. The of the shows the of the within the band. The (X, K, the seconds the passed. This allows to what the detected, the constantly second) to of the of the shows and three and KA' X''' shows and three On there This shows NOTE: If the shown the when turn X with SpecDisplay The SpecDisplay option the this the shows shows shows NOTE: users amount of to with this of information.
Preferences The offers options it to each option To Preferences To and both the CRU and SEN seconds. The and Brightness to this process. Then the RVW to the You the to from item to or the to through the items. Press the CRU to the You the to from to or the to through the options. Press the SEN to within the selected category. You the to from to or the to through the To seconds without button. The Complete confirmation, and to operation. of Preferences would the off. Preferences and holding both the CRU and SEN buttons seconds. The and Prefs Press and the CRU The through the with Light then then Release the CRU when the shows the factory to the ON If release the CRU and to the the CRU displayed. Press the SEN to from ON to OFF To this seconds without The Complete confirmation. This that the to its operation. of Preferences Press the CRU to from to the Light indication) Press the SEN to within or or with and SpecDisplay off off GPS features GPS and English and Automatically brightness brightness brightness light ON) ON) ON) Other ON) when specified reached options off Bluetooth Bluetooth optional Bluetooth Factory One or Turn selected ON or OFF Factory and the VOLMUTE To the to its factory and the MRK and VOLMUTE buttons while turning the The acknowledging the HWY H.> STD EXP SPC ON OFF ON OFF GPS ON GPS OFF Units Units BRT GPS Units Brightness BRT BRT BRT BRT DEF MOD Other OFF Blth OFF Blth ON Bluetooth DFT MOD ON or OFF ON) ON or OFF ON) ON or OFF ON) POP ON or OFF OFF) SWS ON or OFF OFF) LSR ON or OFF ON) TSR ON or OFF ON)
of Preferences Light indication) NOTE: operating the completely HWY (factory this the or as its indication. H.> this the H A and ANX that continuously the this the and heading this the heading this the H A and ANX the vehicles NOTE: If the vehicles below warning displayed, high-voltage warning when the vehicles (factory The displays the band, with indicating the strength. to K-band, and with accompanying indicating the (SpecDisplay) SpecDisplay shows the of the received. ON (factory this the initially to the selected. seconds, the reduced to off, the the the of the (factory this and instructions With off, tones GPS GPS ON (factory this GPS-related features GPS OFF this GPS features off. Units Units (factory this speed-related features displayed Units this speed-related features displayed Brightness BRT (factory this the brightness based the light the vehicle. BRT this each the the the This recommended only when the LED option, to that the BRT this each the the the lowest brightness. BRT this each the the brightness. BRT this each the the brightness.
of Preferences DFT (factory this red-light and reported. MOD this the selected reported. (factory this once specified options from factory reached, and warning OFF this off. Bluetooth Blth OFF (factory this Bluetooth Blth ON this the optional Bluetooth separately) wireless connectivity the and or hands-free DFT (factory The factory North America and It recommended that this MOD If the from the factory the with and associated text that or turned off Preferences X OFF). This warning the WARNING: that there that Specications and Specifications Detector FET VCO Scanning Processing (DSP) high-resolution A-to-D Detection HP LED Graph, and SpecDisplay brightness four of brightness, including 12VDC, Negative Ground Indication GPS Units Brightness Bluetooth Bluetooth separately) and Complete VG2 Immunity Display/Controller Interface inches Unit inches
Although PASSPORT and this as as teach what to from PASSPORT and to what The affected the type of PASSPORT to sound slowly, then the of increases the becomes The accordingly. PASSPORT seconds and then to and PASSPORT sounds tone the received. the PASSPORT These as The increase PASSPORT awhile and then to used, the type of or and the location of the The following introduction to and Explanation You approaching of and of or This of the to by. with from these reflected (reflections increased they or eventually when the directly You approaching hill or PASSPORT intermittently. Rate and of or PASSPORT intermittently. Rate and of increases with each PASSPORT intermittently. Explanation front of with reflected off of and the inconsistent. approaching from the other with should seriously. You through with motion these usually buildings or OR from they typically as or as CAUTION: Since the characteristics of these to of the commonly or than nearby.
Works which consists of microwaves, straight and easily reflected such as and and directing its microwave the vehicle the microwave bounces off and the the reflections. the the then the of the reflection of to the of the the of these that typically If there than vehicle within to the to which the reflection. Since the of the reflection affected both the of the vehicle and its to the the to the from or the of the The of the with The farther the to the and motion often the as Since these of or the ground, they readings than become with the of these they as that POP Works POP relatively It within the band, to vehicles traffic. Once the identified, or POPPED, the then turned to its operating to vehicle tracking history, NOTE: According to the from the should issued POP Works actually light and (LIDAR). LIDAR beam of invisible light. The of light that straight reflecting off and to the LIDAR these light to the to vehicle. then these reflected, the known of light. LIDAR whose as widespread as therefore, LIDAR to LIDAR than its to distinguish and to the (LIDAR) should seriously. There to LIDAR LIDAR to weather than and LIDAR affecting such as or LIDAR through and stationary to reading. LIDAR clear of sight and to that increases as the the and the vehicle increases), typically LIDAR to the or from LIDAR or
TSR Light TSR Works The includes software to from X- and K- One These which becoming the U.S., to the of road. Unfortunately, this as threat and to Threat-Signal (TSR) software sorts, and these of automatically. The protection without Since this type of with TSR turned off. to TSR, the Preferences section. These and mounted. GPS Works The (GPS) of and the U.S. There least four GPS to and from four of these These include the to location from each of the Once the from each known, the and location. Works the and of to as Once created around that location (approximately to from than other X- and proximity. Light Work Red-light three things: to the and intersection than to from The typically of wires the of the road. These wires to or induction Once vehicle the intersection, the or becomes closed and the to states, issued to the owner, who actually this the red-light to photograph the vehicles other the the this the front of the to of the Work There of xed-position used, including induction-loop, and photo-based. laser-based typically mounted the and short-range the monitored. Since this transmitted the instead of the with them Another induction-loop This type of wires beneath the of the to that the Photo-based of of vehicles locations. Both of photographs and stamped, which the to the locations. Fixed-speed to to four of the To this, each and to photograph the vehicle that
Software Updates Software Updates The DEFENDER easily updated software found Firmware, or the operating software the using these to to these Once notications that or To DEFENDER which includes locations red-light and the top the U.S., please follow these the USB to the instructions.) the USB of the to Follow the instructions SWS Works There and Warning (SWS). Both SWS From the factory, with off. If these as instead of the Preferences to ON. The three Train Nearby The SWS The SWS the facing NOTE: of the they the relatively and the of operation widespread, and should to and crossings that with these and, therefore, to become (the of operating these become SWS Text Construction or Work Ahead Closed Ahead/Follow Bridge Closed Ahead/Follow Work Ahead Work Ahead Follow Ahead Follow Ahead Traffic Ahead Right Closed Ahead Closed Ahead Closed Ahead Advisory Stationary Ahead Train Approaching/At Crossing Ahead Ahead School Ahead Ahead Sharp Curve Ahead Crossing Ahead Crossing Child Ahead/Truck Gear Ahead Ahead School Loading/Unloading Passing Intersection Ahead Stationary Emergency Ahead Weather Related High Ahead Weather Ahead Ahead High Water/Flooding Ahead On Bridge Ahead On Ahead Blowing Ahead Blowing Ahead Whiteout Ahead Information/Convenience Ahead With Service Ahead Hour Service Ahead Inspection Station Inspection Station Closed Reduced Ahead Enforced Ahead Congestion Ahead/Expect Hour Traffic AM Ahead Right Fast/Slow Emergency
Troubleshooting Detector the location sight. Detector when Detector while within of vehicle. Detectors become the first Detector only The while You to the factory The The motion or located within of the and section to this VASCAR and stopwatch of Officer or turned commonly Detector the Preferences section commonly If of the and section to this off. the to disconnected and the You of the Preferences to the factory holding the CRU and SEN buttons while the that vehicle It the to Explanation of Displays WorkZone or or KA GPS N/A There with the front (it or within the front The to this and the repaired. One of the The the isnt enough to the The The to Not to GPS GPS
Warranty Service Service Procedure If PASSPORT service, please follow these the Troubleshooting section of this There to They and repairs necessary. If yourself, please service FCC NOTE: the the FCC authority to the ESCORT One Warranty ESCORT warrants PASSPORT and workmanship of from the of the purchase, to the following and The responsibility of ESCORT this warranty to or, the option of ESCORT, of the PASSPORT There or warranties, including those of or merchantability, which the hereof. allow warranty the apply to This warranty cover installation, or charges. ESCORT or from the installation, or mounting of the PASSPORT allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which from to This warranty apply the the housing of the PASSPORT or PASSPORT subjected to physical or
and through SHIFTER PACK ESCORT Service ESCORT offers optional service ESCORT Address__________________________________________________________________ City_________________________________________ First Initial____ If purchase directly from ESCORT, please this section and to or www.EscortRadar.com If purchased directly from ESCORT, to this perforations ESCORT PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD Product Purchased PASSPORT of Purchase____________________________________ reason purchasing this ESCORT and/or Would to to Would to with
perforations