C C C C PASSPORT Complete weather-proof Universal mounting with shielded with to Interface to switched and ground directly Interface 3M existing vehicle earphone GPS Weatherproof, mounted GPS with windshield mounting (optional accessory) Mounts easily to or Optional included 3M existing vehicle USB to software the Comprehensive ESCORT Inc. OH ESCORT Inc. AFR SpecDisplay, and of ESCORT Inc. SWS of SWS, L.C. Features, specifications and to without Concealed LED when and flashes with mounts easily to or Confirms with ESCORT and Bluetooth (optional, both separately) Service This First Please both of these instructions installation. It that professional of this and If with plastic, this Performance Warning reason, the clear of the to properly. Instructions While following the throughout this please to the following installation. The location the typically the or the front of the vehicle. the performance, the with clear of the road. Entry to the of the vehicle located the the wheel or There often existing the of the vehicle as including around and hinges. Taillight often easily and enough to If there necessary to through the firewall: Thoroughly locations wires, hoses, or other vehicle Notes the trouble-free installation, the Interface first, and to switched specialists and Attempting to this without or to To the performance, the mounting location of the Although through of On vehicles with there location mounting clutch This typically location to the with to to the coating the the or the to the apply to section of the to reduce friction and the the length. The of mounted the of the vehicle routed through the and easily. If necessary, the routed the vehicle and through the firewall. to from and to to and the the to the vehicles through existing Then the other of them the Interface and the to operation. If vehicle installation, its compromised, which or property warranty. Notes: the used. to the wires the and Connectors reused. the too enough to to the interface and to ease the such that its locking the as the the to the and the wires together the vehicles or instance, when the first the of the with to scratches. Warning: to