Inc. AFR, and of Inc. SWS of SWSLC. Printed the U.S.A. Features, specifications and to without Detector Instruction
Congratulations! the advanced motorcycle- mounted The includes X, K, including POP protection, Processing and anti-falsing, and and and the performance from the Detector of performance and motorcycle features. Turbo-Charged warning advanced easy while instantly Highway and City LED Ultra-bright easy to and displays to VG-2 Shutoff If of the Reference and the with EZ the features. If this please the to the of Detector. and the ownership and operation of tors from to and and regulations. FCC NOTE: the the FCC authority to the Please
Table of Congratulations! Reference and Mounting and with EZ to EZ of of EZ Detection POP Works Works How Works SWS Text Troubleshooting Explanation of Service and Specifications Warranty and ESCORT Warranty
Reference Once the mount authorized the the mount. properly the the mount. that the mount and secondary. the the or buttons located the top. EasyMount the Detector the mount. Patented reduces the of the If turn off. Press the to the on/off. You the to turn on/off with the ignition. the to the that CITY Selects City and ity. and The back of Detector should clear of the anything and the DIM Press to brightness. There three bright- VOL
the the to AD, HD, or CD (indicating Highway, or City the the the EZ The Detector ready to the mount and easily features Press both the DIM and to the then easily or The or City as its indication. If choose other indications. PILOT LIGHT indication) the band, and of strength. SIGNAL STRENGTH METER NOTE the the light You the the which displays to once. The text SWS Text Reference CITY
and To the the the mount. and through the integrated mount. NOTE operates DC ground only. Mounting the Detector mounting motorcycle from the mounting the instructions included the Once the mounting the motorcycle, the to the mounting with the facing the the with clicks. NOTE If the with clicks, off the and to the while the motorcycle motion.
Integrated Mount and Mounting of the Detector
and and To the and the round located the top of the To off, and This this to the that Once that passed, the to the selected. Indication: the the Highway, City, or to which selected. If indications. the EZ section To the the the VOL to increase or the to the displayed to where the memory. to the reduce the to This without the of If the off. the EZ section City Switch: The selects the the warning, without from this the internal VOL CITY
continuously incoming and You and City where and City to and reduce other You the City the EZ section The DIM selects the of the There four and Press the DIM to brightness. Each the tor selects the brightness used. using the DIM switch, the to inconspicuous indication: AD, HD, or CD. this the A, H or C Highway, or City, and the indicating the the the when the of detected The sound to the and type of encountered. sound and as the the the This allows to the from the without from the NOTE and POP threat the to these with and
and The consists of to of and text the displays the of the (X, K, or and of strength. or POP, the LASER or POP. NOTE If operating the the the light when detected- only the The option advanced users. Please the to with its other To the instead of the the EZ section. The only information about If there the internal which the threat to the the to It shows infor- mation to and operated where there other The actually It shows what each its within the band, and its strength. KA the the detecting and
there each Each shows detected. The height of each shows the of that The of the shows the of the within the band. NOTE If the shown the when turn with the shows and three strong and KA shows and three On there This shows The (X, K, and the seconds the passed. This allows to what the detected, the continuously second) to and instantaneous of NOTE to with this of information about and
with EZ There options The CITY and DIM buttons to the to and to as of EZ each option to EZ To both the buttons seconds. (The and Then the REVIEW to the (You the to from item to or the to through the items.) Press the CHANGE to (You the to from to or the to through the options.) To the seconds without button. (The and to operation.) (To to the of the factory the while turning the CITY and DIM CITY DIM
with EZ of the off. the holding the buttons seconds. The and Then the REVIEW The through the with Light then then then and then Release the REVIEW when the shows the Since the factory to the ON. (If release the and the to the category, to the through It the top of the Press the CHANGE to from ON to OFF. To the seconds without The and to operation. CITY and DIM
with EZ of EZ Press the REVIEW to from to the Press the to within PILOT LIGHT HWY or or City) or or C) H.> with (motorcycle POWER -UP with the Motorcycle) manually) POWER-ON SEQUENCE STD FST SIGNAL STRENGTH METER STD EXP AUTOMUTE ON OFF off) CITY MODE SENSITIVITY City STD City City City City City DARK MODE STD HD, AD, or CD) ALL indications) CHANGE
with EZ of EZ BANDS DFT (Factory MOD (Factory or off pressing the On or On or On or POP On or off) On or SWS On or off) VG2 On or off) *These factory
with EZ of EZ Light indication): NOTE using the the HD, AD, or CD, or City-Dark). HWY this Highway, City, or as its indication. (factory this H Highway, C City, and A H.> with this H Highway, C City, and A Also, continuously the (motorcycle this continually H Highway, C City, and A and the motorcycle If the below displayed, high warning the this turn or off with the ignition. (manually) this to turned with the top-mounted
with EZ of EZ this each the LASER, K-band, X- (factory this each X- this the displays the of the and showing the strength. (factory this the It shows to band, band, and NOTE The ON this the initially the seconds, the reduce the to informed, (factory off) With off, the the of the
with EZ of EZ City City STD this when the the City signicantly reduced, to reduce from and motion (factory City this when the City ity reduced than the This reduce from other further, signicantly reduces to City this when the City to NOTE choose this absolutely that there where STD this when the HD, AD, or CD, indicating the and that the the or City- (factory ALL (completely this when the become This that there or indication. appear, notifying the that the this
with EZ of EZ this the recommended and monitored. This the factory and recommended that this this the with and text which from the factory POP ON). This warning the or fast). NOTE off that there using that
Although the warning and this as as only teach what to from and to what The affected the type of used, the type of or and the location of the The following introduction to the warning and Explanation to sound slowly, and then the of increases the becomes The accordingly. seconds and then to and sounds tone the received. the the to by. You approaching of and of or This of
Explanation These as The increase awhile and then to intermittently. Rate and of or intermittently. reected off of and the with from these reected (reections increased they or when the directly You approaching hill or front of with approaching from the other with should seriously.
Explanation You through intermittently. lated with motion Since these usually buildings or OR from they typically as or as Since the characteristics of these to of the commonly or than CAUTION
Detection Works which consists of microwaves, straight and eas- reected such as and directing its microwave the the microwave beam bounces off motorcycle, and the the the the then the of the reection of motorcycle to the of the the of these that typically If there than or within to the to which the reection. Since the of the reection affected both the of the or motorcycle and its to the the to the from or or the of the The of the with The farther the to the and motion often the as and Since these and usually contained of or the ground, they readings than become with the of these they as that
Detection POP Works POP relatively It within the band, to vehicles and motorcycles Once the or Popped, the then turned to its operating to vehicle tracking history, which How Works actually LIDAR (Light Detection and LIDAR beam of invisible light. The of light which straight reecting off and to the LIDAR these light to the to motorcycle. then these reected the of light. LIDAR (or and as widespread as therefore, to LIDAR than its to distinguish and to AS RESULT, EVEN THE BRIEFEST LASER ALERT SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. There to LIDAR LIDAR to weather than RADAR, and LIDAR affecting such as or LIDAR through and stationary to reading. LIDAR clear of sight and to which increases as the the and the motorcycle increases) typically LIDAR to the or from LIDAR or
Works From the factory, with Warning (SWS) OFF. If SWS these as instead of the EZ to SWS ON. The SWS currently cated). The SWS below. NOTE of the condensed, each or character Since SWS relatively and the of widespread, SWS and should to and crossings that with these and, therefore, to Detection
SWS Text WorkZone Crossing Closed or Bridge Closed LowGear WorkCrew Reduced WorkCrew Enforced Loading DontPass Intrsect Closed Emergncy Closed Closed HighWind Hour Weather Train ExitRght BridgIce BridgeUp Bridge Blowing Blowing School Curve w/service
Troubleshooting the location every sight. motion or located within of With learn of these City to when VASCAR, and stopwatch of or the ofcer or turned while within of vehicle. Press the to the while to the mount. tion or You of the of the EZ options to the factory the monly DIM CITY and DIM buttons while
Troubleshooting that Technical Service matches related to of the Detector Explanation of AD HD CD City One of the WorkZone One of the the isnt enough to the X|, or K|, or the or KA|
Service The ROAD TECH DETECTOR serviceable If the troubleshooting section this If the troubleshooting section, please They and mount and repairs necessary.
and The of DETECTOR constructed from injection LEXAN and appearance. based chemicals or directly as they the performance and appearance of the plastic. The front with plastic/rubber to reduce the affects of Follow and cloths such as Microber Cloth or Softcloth to scratches. The LEXAN cleaned with and 99837-94T). If or with cloth and If to motorcycle of light of grease to the to further weather protection.
Specications and Specications Detection 12VDC, Negative and City City Patented covered or of the following U.S. D314,178 D313,365 D310,167 D308,837 D296,771 D288,418 D253,752 Detector FET VCO Scanning Processing (DSP) LED Graph or inches
Warranty and ESCORT Warranty ESCORT and warrants and workmanship of years purchased with motorcycle and authorized authorized and purchased authorized and from the of the purchase, to the following and The responsibility of ESCORT and this Warranty to or, the option of ESCORT or of the There or warranties, including those of or ity, which the hereof. allow warranty the apply to ESCORT and or Harley-Davison or from the or mounting of the allow the or of or the or apply to This Warranty rights. You other rights which from to This Warranty apply the the housing of the or subjected to physical installation, or of products and
Detector Instruction
Inc. AFR, and of Inc. SWS of SWSLC. Printed the U.S.A. Features, specifications and to without Detector Instruction