Reference Mounting Location Mount and and City Switch Switch PASSPORT Detector EZ to EZ of of of Technical Specifications Works Works Works Service Troubleshooting Service Warranty
To follow these the of the the and the of the Mount the windshield the mount. the thumbwheel to and the Please the to and features. Reference EasyMount mount this EasyMount Press and the mount to of its four matically reduces the of the If off. or optional this the thumbwheel to and the City Switches City, and the
and The back of should clear of the performance, mount Pass- directly wipers or tinted areas. Press to brightness. There three brightness the the to AD, HD, or CD (indicating Highway, or City the the Reference EZ ready to and easily features Press both top buttons to the then easily or this to the to the (The to the or City as its tion. If choose other indications. the band, and of strength. the the light You the which displays to once. The text
To the of the the telephone-type and the vehicle's lighter or accessory operates DC ground only. The and hicles. and properly operation. vehicle, the continuously or switched and off with switch. If to the the of the and the with Optional cords the section optional SmartCord MuteDisplay cord. Both and and Mounting Location Mounting Location WARNING: ESCORT the mounted. It that mount where of Where to mount performance, the following: the Mount, mount relatively and inches the high enough front to clear of the from the front and rear. Mount from windshield wipers, other and heavily tinted that might the or
Mount EasyMount and mounting. each suction of and outward, locking of suction included them the the top of the ESCORT) and the EasyMount the mount the which fits the of wind- shield (there four or the EasyMount Mount Mount windshield. the EasyMount or to To that the suction to the firmly, to both windshield and the suction clean. properly to bounc- the back top of should windshield. vehicles (including 944's) with coating the of suction permanently this coating. dealership or the vehicles owners to this coating. You the EasyMount windshield, and easily the and off the mount. to the where the of
and To and the tone the thumbwheel Turn the from to increase the through of If shorter the EZ section the High- City, or to which selected. If displays. the EZ section to the cally the to This without the of If the off. the EZ section and The located front allows to the To the the that passed, the and the to the City Switch The City selects ity the warning, with this internal continuously incoming and the You High- and City where and City to and reduce other You City the EZ tion
Switch selects the bright- of There four and Press the to brightness. selects the brightness used. If brightness. the EZ section the with the switch, to inconspicuous indication: AD, HD, or CD. this the A, H, or C or City, and the indicating the the when the of detected If when the (This when the optional SmartCord MuteDisplay; lighter with light, light, and the EZ section and sound to the and type of encountered. sound and as the the the This allows to the from the with- from the easy threat to with If turned the SWS and to these with and text of the text If Pass- to the them as
Connector phone-type This with the included cord, and with optional SmartCord MuteDisplay. The SmartCord that bright light that of or and right the Its the where reaching the the windshield stretch. the and the SmartCord Other know that and cord, and Direct- SmartCord that with foot straight to to information or to toll-free and consists of to of and text the of the (X, K, or and of strength. the LASER. NOTE: If operating the the light when detected- the tion advanced users. Please Pass- to with its other To the instead of the Pass- EZ displays information about If there internal which the threat to the
to It shows information to and operated where there other The actually It shows what each its within the band, and its strength. KA the and there each Each shows detected. The height of each shows the of that The of the shows the relative of the within the band. NOTE: If the shown the when X with the and KA shows and three and KA shows and three KA On there This shows The (X, K, the seconds the passed. This allows to what the detected, the continuously second) to instantaneous of to with this of infor- mation about
There options The buttons that CITY and DIM to the to REVIEW and to CHANGE as each option to EZ To both top buttons seconds. (The and Then the REVIEW to the (You the to from item to or the to through the items.) Press the CHANGE to (You the to from to or the to through the To the seconds without pressing (The Complete and to operation.) (To to the of the factory the City, and buttons while turning the to with EZ heres would off. the holding both buttons seconds. and Then the REVIEW through the with Light then then and then Release the REVIEW when Pass- shows the Since the factory to ON (If release the and to the category, the and through the top of the Press the CHANGE to from ON to OFF To the seconds without ton. Complete and to operation.
Press the REVIEW button to from to the PILOT LIGHT POWER-ON SEQUENCE SIGNAL STRENGTH METER AUTOMUTE AUDIO TONES CITY MODE SENSITIVITY BRIGHTNESS DARK MODE SAFETY WARNING SYSTEM SAFETY ALERT of EZ HWY H.> STD FST STD EXP ON OFF Tone STD LOUD City STD City City LAST MIN MED MAX DARK STD ALL OFF ON OFF ON Press the CHANGE to within or or City or or C with or or with off) tones) tones) City City City brightness brightness when turned brightness when turned brightness when turned when shows HD, AD, CD Warning off) Warning off) These factory
Light indication) when using the the HD, AD, or CD, or City-Dark). iption) this "City or "A as its indication. (factory this "H" Highw "C" or City, and "A" or H.> with this "H" "C" City, and "A" Also, continuously the this and City. with this and City. Also, continuously the this Highway, and City. Each continuously the of EZ this each Pass- "LA- SER", (factory this each Pass- this the displays the of the and showing the strength. tory this the It shows to band, band, and The plained
ON this initially the seconds, reduce the to (factory off) With off, the the of the Tones STD tones) This pleasing tones. tory tones) This tones that and to hear vehicle. of EZ City City STD this when the City cantly reduced, to reduce from and motion (factory City this when the City than the This reduce from other further, reduces to City this when the City to WARNING: choose this that there where
Brightness LAST this when ass- the the ight- selected ation with the (factor MIN this each the the brightness. MED this each Pass- the the brightness. MAX this each the the ightness. DARK this each Pass- the the This recommended when optional to that of EZ STD this when the the only HD, AD, or CD, indicating or City-Dark). (factory this when the without indication. This recommended only when optional to that Warning OFF of (factor ON warning OFF of (factory ON
and Specifications Detector FET VCO Scanning Processing (DSP) high-resolution A-to-D Detection HP LED Graph or 12VDC, Negative SmartCord MuteDisplay Compatible Specifications Indication Tones City Brightness Warning and City Patented covered or of the following Inc. US Additional the D314,178 D313,365 D310,167 D308,837 D296,771 D288,418 D253,752
Although warning and this as as only teach what to from and to what The affected the type to sound slowly, then the of increases the becomes The accordingly. seconds and then to and sounds tone the received. the These as The increase awhile and then to of used, the type of or instant-on) and the location of the The following introduction to and Explanation You approaching of and of or This of the to by. with from these reflected (reflections increased they or eventually when the directly You approaching hill or
intermittently. Rate and of or intermittently. Rate and of increases with each intermittently. Explanation front of with reflected off of and the approaching from the other with should seriously. You through with motion Since these buildings or OR from they typically as or as CAUTION: Since the characteristics of these to of the commonly or than nearby.
Works Traffic which consists of microwaves, straight and easily flected such as and directing its microwave the vehicle the microwave bounces off and the the reflections. the the then the of the reflection of to the of the the of these that typically If there than vehicle within to the to which the reflection. Since the of the tion affected both the of the vehicle and its to the the to the from or Works the of the The of the with The farther the to the and motion often the as sionally Since these of or the ground, they readings than become with the of these they as that tection
Works actually LIDAR (Light Detection LIDAR of invisible light. The of light which straight reflecting off and to the LIDAR these light to the to vehicle. then these reflected the known of light. LIDAR (or and as widespread as therefore, to LIDAR beam than its to guish and to AS RESULT, EVEN THE BRIEFEST LASER ALERT SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. Works There to LIDAR LIDAR to weather than RADAR, and LIDAR affecting such as or LIDAR through and stationary to reading. LIDAR clear of sight and to which increases as the the and the vehicle increases) typically LIDAR to the or from LIDAR or
Works There and Warning (SWS). Both From the factory, with OFF. If these as instead of the EZ to ON. The three Train Nearby The SWS currently allocated). The SWS the facing Works of the condensed, each displayed or character tively and the of operation widespread, and should to and crossings that with these and, therefore, to become (the of operating every these information and about SWS their
SWS Text WorkZone Bridge WorkCrew WorkCrew Train BridgeUp Bridge School or Loading DontPass Emergncy SWS Text Closed Closed Closed Curve Crossing LowGear Intrsect HighWind BridgIce Reduced Hour Weather Blowing Blowing w/servic Closed Enforced ExitRght
the location every sight. to or when while within of vehicle. the first bounces or windshield. Passports while of the EZ Troubleshooting motion or located within of With learn of these that wipers and that the tinted areas. vehicle Instaclear or reflective which or City VASCAR, stopwatch of Officer or turned commonly Press the to with the to While holding EasyMount further back the windshield that the back top firm or to disconnected. You of the options to the factory holding the City, and while
Explanation of AD HD CD WorkZone X| or K| or KA| City the and One of the One of the the isnt enough to the the Troubleshooting that both of the properly connected. that ON. that vehicle ON. that vehicle lighter functional another vehicle. It to
Service Procedure If service, please follow these the troubleshooting section of this It to to the If the that to the factory with Service which included the of The Following Information With Service and telephone of the Service Warranty Repairs of warranty repairs, include the amount the Customer Service tative. If the or the and If the charge, with If the tional within (or that choose to repaired the without money or credit and Cord To: ESCORT Customer Service Service protection, that and insured. of and the the of
ESCORT One Year Warranty ESCORT warrants and workmanship of from the of the purchase, to the following terms and The responsibility of ESCORT this Warranty to or, the option of ESCORT, of the There or warranties, including those of or merchantability, which the hereof. allow tations warranty the to ESCORT or from the or mounting of the allow the or of or the or apply to This Warranty rights. You other rights which from to This Warranty apply the the housing of the or subjected to physical installation, or tion. Warranty and The following and Soft Carrying SmartCord MuteDisplay that bright light that of or and ton right the Its the where reaching the the windshield the and the SmartCord Other know SmartCord that and (shown), and Direct-wire that with foot straight to to