and the USA Incorporated Service Inc. AFR MuteDisplay and of Inc. SWS of SWSLC. Features, specifications and to without C
Congratulations TurboCharged 7500S the advanced The 7500S includes X, K, and protection, front and rear Processing and rejection, and and and the performance from the 7500S of TurboCharged performance and features. New performance instantly and City LED easy to and displays to New VG-2 Shutoff Optional SmartCord Optional ZR3 If of the Reference and and the information and the features. If this first please the to the of performance and features. Please FCC the the FCC authority to the Table of Reference Mounting Location Mount and and City Switch Switch VG2 to of of of Technical Specifications Works Works Works Service Troubleshooting Service Warranty
Reference To follow these the of the the of the and the of the Mount the windshield using the mount. the thumbwheel to and the Please the to and features. EasyMount mount this EasyMount Press the and the mount of its four locking or optional this City Switches City, and the the thumbwheel to and the reduces the of the If off. and The of should clear of the performance, mount directly windshield wipers or tinted areas. or City as its indication. If choose other indications. the band, and of strength. the the light You the which displays to once. The text Press to brightness. There three the the to AD, HD, or CD (indicating or City the the this to the to the (The to the encounter.) ready to and it easily Press both top buttons to the then easily or
To the of the the telephone-type and the vehicles or accessory operates DC ground only. The and clean and properly operation. vehicle, the continuously or switched and off with switch. If to the the of the and the with Optional cords the section optional SmartCord. Mounting Location WARNING: ESCORT the mounted. It that mount where of Where to mount performance, the following: the Mount, mount inches the board, and high enough front wind- shield to clear of the from the front and rear. Mount from wipers, other and heavily tinted that might the or Mount EasyMount and mounting. the the top of the ESCORT) and the EasyMount the locked the which fits the of (there four or the EasyMount To that the suction to the firmly, to both windshield and the suction clean. To windshield, the EasyMount located the top of the and or to and properly, the back top of should windshield. vehicles (including with coating the of suction permanently this coating. dealership or the vehicle owners to wind- shield this coating. You the EasyMount windshield, and easily pressing the and off the mount. to the where the of Additional mounts
and and To and the tone the thumbwheel Turn the from to increase the through of If shorter the section the City, or to which selected. If displays. the section to the selected, the reduce the to This without the of If the off. the section The button, located front allows to the To the the that passed, the and the to the City Switch The City selects the warning, with this continuously incoming and the You and City where and City to and reduce other You City the section Switch selects the of There four and Press the to brightness. If brightness. the section the with the switch, to inconspicuous indication: AD, HD, or CD. this the A, H, or C or City, and the the the when the of If the section) and the the SmartCord. sound to the and type of encountered. sound and as the the the This allows to the from the without from the tone easy tone tone tone Since threat to with to these with and text of the text
and Connector telephone- type This with the included cord, and with optional MuteDisplay. The that bright light that of or and right the Its the where reaching the the the and the SmartCord Other SmartCord that and cord, and Direct- that with foot straight to to information or to toll-free consists of to of and text displays information If there internal which the threat to the displays the (X, K, or and of the strength. the LASER. NOTE: If operating the the light when the and the flashing the SmartCord. option advanced users. Please to with its other using To the instead of the EZ- to It shows information to and ated where there normally other The actually It shows what each and its strength. KA the detecting strong and there each Each shows detected. The height of each shows the relative of that NOTE: If the shown the when with the shows and three and KA shows and three On there This shows The (X, K, the seconds the passed. This allows to what the detected, the continuously second) to instantaneous of users amount of to with this of information about VG2 If the VG2 turned VG2 with and Once detected, internal of then back to the VG2 If to operation. NOTE: With VG2 other as
of There options 7500S The buttons CITY and DIM to the REVIEW and to CHANGE as The PROGRAM, REVIEW, and CHANGE located the top of the and highlighted graphics. each option to To and both top buttons seconds. (The and the Then the REVIEW to the (You the to from item to or the to through the items). Press the CHANGE to (You the to from to or the to through the To the seconds without (The and to tion). turn off. the holding both the city and buttons seconds. and Then the REVIEW through the with Light then then and then Release the REVIEW when shows the Since the factory to ON (If release the button and to the category, the and through the top of the Press the CHANGE to from ON to OFF To the seconds without Complete and to operation. Press the REVIEW to from to the PILOT LIGHT POWER-ON SEQUENCE SIGNAL STRENGTH METER CITY MODE SENSITIVITY Warning VG2 Factory To to its factory and the CITY, DIM, and MUTE buttons while turning the acknowledging the HWY H.> STD FST STD EXP ON OFF STD LOUD City STD City City LAST MIN MED MAX DARK DARK STD DARK ALL SWS SWS On VG2 VG2 On AUTOMUTE AUDIO TONES BRIGHTNESS DARK MODE Press the CHANGE to within or or City or or C with or or with Scanning off tones tones City City City brightness brightness when turned brightness when turned brightness when turned when turned shows HD, AD, CD SWS off SWS VG2 off VG2
of Light indication) using the the only HD, AD, or CD, or City-Dark). this Highway, City, or as its indication. (factory this H C City, and A H.> with this H Highway, C City, and A Also, continuously the this and City. with this Highway, and City. Also, continuously the (Scanning this and City. continuously the this each 7500S, LASER, K-band, (factory If tone and X OFF), that or turned off. power-on) this tone If tone and X OFF), that or turned off. this the the of the and shows the strength. (factory this the It to band, band, and the The ON this initially the seconds, reduce the to informed, (factory off) With off, the the of the Tones Tone STD tones) This pleasing tones. (factory tones) This tones that This recommended City City STD this when the City reduced, to reduce from and motion (factory City this when the City reduced than the This reduce from other further, significantly reduces to City this when the City to WARNING: choose this that there where NOTE: These only apply when operated City affected when or
of Technical Brightness LAST this when turn the the brightness selected with the (factory MIN this each turn the the lowest brightness. MED this each the the brightness. MAX this each the the brightness. DARK this each the the This recommended when optional SmartCord to that STD this when the the HD, AD, or CD, indicating or City-Dark. (factory ALL this when the using the without indication. this optional SmartCord the to that Warning OFF Warning off. (factory ON this this VG-2 VG2 OFF VG2 off. (factory VG2 ON VG2 this to VG2 and the off approximately seconds. Once the VG2 passed, cally to operation. NOTE: VG2 other as and Specifications Detector FET VCO Scanning Processing (DSP) Detection LED Graph or 12VDC, Negative Optional SmartCord Compatible Indication Tones City Brightness Warning VG2 and City Inches) Patented covered or of the following US D314,178 D313,365 D310,167 D308,837 D296,771 D288,418 D253,752 covered or of the following Other Additional the
Technical Although warning and this as as teach what to from and to what The type of to sound slowly, then the of increases the becomes The accordingly. seconds and then only to and sounds tone the received. the These as The increase used, the type of or instant-on) and the location of the the The following introduction to warning and Explanation You approaching of and of or This of the to by. with from these reflected (reflections increased they or when the directly awhile and then abruptly to intermittently. Rate and of or intermittently. Rate and of increases with each or intermittently. Explanation You approaching hill or front of with reflected off of and not,the inconsistent. approaching from the other with should seriously. You through with motion Since these usually buildings or OR from they typically as or as CAUTION: Since the characteristics of these to of the commonly or than nearby.
Technical Works which consists of microwaves, straight and easily reflected such as and directing its microwave the vehicle the microwave bounces off and the the reflections. the the then the of the reflection of to the of the beam the of these that typically If there than vehicle within to the to which the reflection. Since the of the tion affected both the of the vehicle and its to the the to the from or the of the The of the with The farther the to the and motion often the as Since these of building, or the ground, they readings than become with the of these they as that Works actually LIDAR (Light Detection and LIDAR of invisible light. The of light which straight reflecting off and to the LIDAR these light to the to vehicle. then these reflected the known of light. LIDAR (or and as widespread as therefore, to LIDAR than its to guish and to AS RESULT, EVEN THE BRIEFEST LASER ALERT SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. There to LIDAR LIDAR to weather than RADAR, and LIDAR affecting such as or LIDAR through and stationary to reading. LIDAR clear of sight and to which increases as the the and the increases) typically LIDAR to the or from LIDAR or
Technical Works Warning or SWS, The SWS currently allocated). The SWS the facing From the factory, with SWS OFF. If SWS the associated with the If to this the to SWS ON. NOTE: of the condensed, that each displayed or eight-character Since tively and the of operation widespread, and crossings that with these become (the of operating every these become information and about SWS their SWS Text WorkZone Bridge Closed WorkCrew WorkCrew Closed Closed Closed Train BridgeUp Bridge School Sharp Curve Crossing or LowGear Loading SchoolBus DontPass Intrsect Emergncy HighWind Weather BridgIce Blowing Blowing w/servic Closed Reduced Enforced Hour ExitRght
Troubleshooting the location every sight. to or when while within of vehicle. the first bounces or wind- shield. while 14-year of the motion or located within of With learn of these that windshield wipers and that the tinted areas. vehicle Instaclear or reflective which or City VASCAR and stopwatch of Officer or turned commonly Press the to with the to While holding EasyMount further back the that the back top firm or to disconnected. You of the options to the factory holding the City, and while turn turn Explanation of AD HD CD City the and One of the WorkZone One of the the isnt enough to the or the or KA VG2 detected VG2 that ON. that vehicle ON. Check that vehicle functional. another vehicle. It to
Service Service Procedure If service, please follow these the troubleshooting section of this It to to the If the that to the factory with Service which included the of The Following Information With Service and telephone of the Warranty Repairs of warranty repairs, include the amount the Customer Service Representative. If the or the and If the basic charge, with If the within (or that choose to repaired the without money or credit and Cord To: ESCORT Customer Service Service protection, that and insured. of and the the of Warranty and ESCORT One Warranty ESCORT warrants and workmanship of from the of the purchase, to the following terms and The responsibility of ESCORT this Warranty to or, the option of ESCORT, of the There or warranties, including those of or merchantability, which the hereof. allow warranty the apply to ESCORT or from the or mounting of the allow the or of or the or apply to This Warranty rights. You other rights which from to This Warranty apply the the housing of the or subjected to physical or The following and 7500S. Direct-wire Soft Carrying (coiled) SmartCord (direct-wire) SmartCord that bright light that of or and right the Its the where reaching the the windshield stretch. the and the SmartCord Other know that (shown), and Direct-wire SmartCord that with foot straight to to of products and