S2 the USA. Printed the USA. Incorporated Chester,Ohio Sales/Service Inc. AFR MuteDisplay and of Inc. SWS of SWS,L.C. Features, specications and to without C
Congratulations S2 the and The S2 includes X, K, and Warning front and rear (DSP) and reduced and and and the performance from the S2 of revolutionary performance and features: New performance both and New New high-resolution LCD with LED backlight Advanced to and City tracks and displays to and displays to Warning Compatible with ZR3 If of the Reference and and the information the features. If this please the to the of performance and features. Please FCC the the FCC authority to the perforations S2 Reference Card There options S2 The buttons VOL and to the REVIEW to CHANGE as desired.The PGM,RVW,and CHG located the front of the detector,and high- lighted graphics. perforations to To and of the VOL buttons and the seconds. (The twice,and the Then the RVW to the .(You the to from item to item,or the to through the items). Press the CHG to (You the to from to the to through the options). To seconds without pressing (The times,and to operation). Factory To S2 to its factory and the and buttons while turning S2 alert,acknowledging the of would off. the holding of the VOL and the seconds. S2 and Then the RVW S2 through the with then Light then then then and then Release the RVW when S2 shows the Since the factory to S2 ON If release the RVW the other VOL to back to the Press the CHG to from ON to OFF To the seconds without S2 Complete and to operation.
perforations S2 Reference Card Press the RVW to Press the CHG to from to the within category CONTRAST Scrolls thru word:Highway or or City PILOT LIGHT HWY or or C SmartCord) H.> Letter,with or or Scanning AUTO POWER ON S2 and off OFF Turn S2 and off manually STD POWER-ON SEQUENCE FST STD SIGNAL STRENGTH METER EXP ON AUTOMUTE OFF off tones AUDIOTONES STD LOUD tones City CITY MODE SENSITIVITY City STD City City City City BRIGHTNESS AUTO Brightness MIN when turned MED when turned MAX when turned DARK when turned ALL BANDS MOD One or ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF LSR ON or OFF SWS ON or OFF SWS off VG2 ON or OFF VG2 off Factory perforations Turn ONor the Table of Reference Card Reference Battery Mounting Location Mount and On/Off Battery Battery Warning Switch (Highway/Auto/City) Brightness To of of of Technical Works Works Works Service Troubleshooting Service Warranty Specications
Reference To using the S2, follow these AA (included) the (Please polarity) Mount S2 the the mount. Press the (PWR) located the of the front the (VOL) the and buttons located to the right of the Please the to and features. EasyMount mount this EasyRelease Press the release and the mount of its four locking Rear from the Indication Three yellow, red) mounted the PWR and the when optional used). These the that the "H" "A" and "C" city). Press the PWR to turn S2 Press and the PWR to S2 off. The S2 off once the vehicle and The of S2 should clear of the performance, mount S2 directly wipers or tinted areas. Graphic LCD the turn and band, and of strength. options and SWS displayed. NOTE: S2 the turn off detected, or This life. the SmartCord, the and options operation, the optional SmartCord this Battery this (located top)to the Ear inch (or earphone located the right front of the S2. Switches Highway, and City the Press the or to the S2 ready to and If easily to10 reduces the of the If off.
Battery the located the of the and AA (supplied). to the polarity each Optional SmartCord To S2 the and the of the optional SmartCord, (telephone-type the right the vehicles or accessory The optional SmartCord allows to the S2 DC ground only. The and and properly connected operation. NOTE: vehicle, the continuously or switched and off with switch. the section to the optional SmartCord. Mounting Location WARNING! ESCORT the S2 mounted. It that mount S2 where of Where to mount S2 performance, the following: the Mount, the suction to the and mount S2 and high enough front to clear of the Mount S2 from wipers, other and heavily tinted that might the or Mount EasyMount windshield and the the top of S2 the RELEASE) and the EasyMount the mount the which the of windshield (there four or the EasyMount To that the suction to the to both wind- shield and the suction clean. To S2 windshield, the EasyMount located the top of the S2, and S2 or to and properly, the back top of the S2 should windshield. CAUTION! vehicles (including wind- shields with coating the of suction permanently this coating. dealership or the vehicle owners to this coating. You the EasyMount windshield, and easily S2 the and S2 off the mount. to the where the of Additional mounts
and To S2 the (PWR) located the of the front To the off, and the approximately seconds. To life, the S2 to the vehicle If the vehicle to within the S2 and (both and to back If the S2, and to operation. If within seconds of the the completely. To the S2 back the PWR To the tone and the or arrow buttons located to the right of the Once the achieved, release the This memory. Indication Once of three red) located the PWR and the to This that S2 and which or City) the If the optional SmartCord displays. the section The LED as when detected, The located the top of the S2, allows to the To the the that passed, the and the to the S2 S2 to the selected, the reduce the to This without the of If the off. the section Once muted, band. If detected, and higher than the muted S2 the selected. Battery The the (without and appear, showing the of the of this of the life. the optional SmartCord operation, the the vehicles Battery Warning Once the reach (approximately1.7 the S2 low-battery warning. This warning consists of with Switch The switch selects the the warning, while this the ously incoming and which threats. You and City where and City to X- and reduce other You City the EZ- section Brightness The S2 four of including and The S2 shipped using the which the based the light vehicle. You of the brightness the EZ- section.
and operation, the S2 this the when heard. the normally when the the section NOTE: the optional while the S2 indicated the SmartCord S2 sound to the and type of encountered. sound and increase as the the the This allows to the from the without from the tone easy Since threat S2 to with S2 to these with and text of the text graphic of and text displays information If there internal which the threat to the S2 displays the (X, K, or and of the strength. S2 the LASER. NOTE: If operating S2 the light when only the heard. option users. Please S2 to with its other To the instead of the EZ- to It shows information to and operated where there normally other The actually It shows what each and its strength. KA the S2 and there each Each shows detected. The height of each shows the of that NOTE: If the shown the when S2 with the shows and three and KA shows and three On there This shows The (X, K, the seconds the passed. This allows to what the detected, the continuously second) to instantaneous of
There options S2 The (M) and the VOL buttons or arrows) to the REVIEW and to CHANGE as The PGM RVW (review), and CHG located the front of the and high- lighted graphics. each option to To and of the VOL or buttons, and the M seconds. The and the Then the RVW to the You the to from item to or and the to through the items. Press the CHG to You the to from to or the to through the options. To the seconds without The and to operation. To S2 to the factory and the and buttons while turning S2 of would turn off. the holding of the VOL buttons and M seconds. S2 and Then the RVW S2 through the with options, Tones, City Brightness, and Release the RVW when S2 shows the the factory to S2 ON. (If to the the VOL to back.) Press the CHG to from to To the seconds without S2 and to operation. of Press the RVW to Press the CHG to within category from to the CONTRAST Scrolls thru word:Highway or or City PILOT LIGHT HWY or or C SmartCord) H.> Letter,with or or Scanning S2 and off AUTO POWER ON OFF Turn S2 and off manually POWER-ON SEQUENCE STD FST SIGNAL STRENGTH METER STD EXP AUTOMUTE ON OFF off tones AUDIOTONES STD Tone LOUD tones City CITY MODE SENSITIVITY City STD City City City City Brightness BRIGHTNESS AUTO MIN when turned MED when turned MAX when turned DARK when turned BANDS ALL MOD One or Turn ONor the ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF LSR ON or OFF SWS off SWS ON or OFF VG2 off VG2 ON or OFF Factory To S2 to its factory and the and while turning S2 acknowledging the
of this S2 allows to though of Light only) this S2 Highway, City, or as its indication. (factory this S2 H C City, and A H.> with this S2 H Highway, C City, and A Also, continuously the this S2 Highway, and City. with this S2 Highway, and City. Also, continuously the (Scanning this S2 Highway, and City. Each continuously the On this S2 once vehicle become motionless. the vehicle the S2 It approximately However, the S2 within this the S2 (both and to would to to active If If the S2 off completely, life. OFF this S2 that and off manually the PWR this each S2, S2, LASER, K-band, followed (factory If or appear or X OFF). this S2 tone If tone and X OFF), that or turned off. NOTE: If the to replaced, both this the the of the received and shows the relative strength. (factory this the It to band, band, and the NOTE: The ON this initially the seconds, S2 reduce the to informed, (factory off) With off, the the of the Tones STD tones) This pleasing tones. (factory tones) This tones that This recommended
of City City STD this when S2 the City signicantly reduced, to reduce from and motion (factory City this when S2 the City reduced than the This reduce from other further, signicantly reduces to City this when S2 the City S2 to WARNING: choose this absolutely that there where NOTE: These apply when S2 operated City affected when or Brightness (Automatically this the and lights based the brightness.(factory MIN this each S2, the the lowest brightness. MED this each turn S2, the the brightness. MAX this each turn S2, the the brightness. this and lights the of ON/OFF this and monitored. This the factory and recommended that S2 this ON factory ON factory ON factory LSR ON factory SWS OFF Warning off factory VG2 OFF (VG2 off factory If the VG2 turned VG2 with and Once detected, internal of then back to the VG2 If S2 to operation. NOTE: With VG2 other as If where SWS currently used, turn that off. NOTE: DO NOT TURN ANY BANDS OFF UNLESS YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY SURE THAT BAND IS NOT USED IN YOUR AREA. To or off, and to the using the REVIEW the CHANGE the to or off, SWS ON). Once selected the band, the top-mounted to the on/off. NOTE: If turned off band, S2 with and associated text which turned off, SWS OFF). This displayed the or fast).
Technical Although S2 warning and this as as teach what to from S2 and to what S2 to sound slowly, then the of increases the becomes The accordingly. S2 seconds and then to and S2 sounds tone the received. the S2 These as The increase The type of used, the type of or and the location of the the The following introduction to warning and Explanation You approaching of and of or This of the to by. with from these reected (reections increased they or eventually when the directly S2 awhile and then abruptly to S2 intermittently. Rate and of or S2 intermittently. Rate and of increases with each S2 intermittently. Explanation You approaching hill or front of with reected off of and the inconsistent. approaching from the other with should seriously. You through with motion these usually buildings or OR from they typically as or as CAUTION: Since the characteristics of these to of the commonly or than
Technical Works which consists of microwaves, straight and easily reected such as and directing its microwave the road. vehicle the microwave bounces off and the the the the then the of the reection of to the of the the of these that typically only If there than vehicle within to the to which the reection. the of the reection affected both the of the vehicle and its to the the to the from or the of the The of the with The farther the to the and motion often the as S2 Since these usually contained of or the ground, they readings than become with the of these they as that Works actually LIDAR (Light Detection and LIDAR beam of invisible light. The of light which straight reecting off and to the LIDAR these light to the to vehicle. then these reected the known of light. LIDAR (or and as widespread as Therefore, to LIDAR beam than its to distinguish and to AS RESULT, EVEN THE BRIEFEST LASER ALERT SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. There to LIDAR LIDAR to weather than RADAR, and LIDAR affecting such as or LIDAR through and stationary to reading. LIDAR clear of sight and to which increases as the the and the vehicle, increases) typically LIDAR to the or from LIDAR or
Technical Works Warning or SWS, The SWS currently allocated). The SWS S2 the facing From the factory, S2 with SWS OFF. If SWS S2 the associated with the If to this the to turn SWS ON. NOTE: of the condensed, that each displayed or Since relatively and the of widespread, and crossings that with these become (the of operating every these become information and about SWS their SWS Text WorkZone Closed Bridge Closed WorkCrew WorkCrew Closed Closed Train BridgeUp Bridge School Sharp Curve Crossing or LowGear Loading Intrsect Emergncy HighWind Weather BridgIce Blowing Blowing w/servic Closed Reduced Enforced Hour Traffic ExitRght Moving
Troubleshooting S2 the tion every sight. S2 to or S2 when S2 while within of vehicle. the S2 bounces or windshield. motion or located within of With learn of these that windshield wipers and that the tinted areas. vehicle Instaclear or reective windshield which or S2 City VASCAR, and of or turned commonly S2 S2 S2 with the to While holding EasyRelease S2 further back the windshield that the back top while 14-year of the options. S2 S2 Explanation of S2 the and One of the WorkZone One of the S2 the isnt enough to the or ,or KA S2 the VG2 S2 VG2 or S2 to disconnected. You of the options to the factory holding the POWER, MUTE, and buttons while S2 It S2 to when
Service Warranty and Service Procedure If S2 service, please follow these the troubleshooting section of this It to to the If the that S2 to the factory with Service which included the of The Following Information With S2: Service and telephone of the experiencing. Warranty Repairs of warranty repairs, include the amount the Customer Service Representative. If the or the and If the charge, with If the received within (or that choose to S2 repaired the S2 without money or credit S2 to: ESCORT Customer Service Service protection, that S2 and insured. of and the the of S2. ESCORT One Year Warranty ESCORT warrants S2 and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, to the following and The responsibility of ESCORT this Warranty to or, the option of ESCORT, of the S2 There or warranties, including those of or merchantability, which the hereof. allow warranty the apply to ESCORT or from the or mounting of the S2. allow the or of or the or apply to This Warranty rights. You other rights, which from to This Warranty apply the the housing of the S2 or S2 subjected to physical installation, or Warranty offers optional warranty Accessories The following and S2: of the One SmartCord lighter and cord, and the other Direct-wire SmartCord that with foot straight to to S2. Optional Coiled SmartCord Optional Direct-wire S2 Optional ZR3
Specications and Specications Detector FET VCO Scanning Processing (DSP) Detection Graphic LCD With LED Backlight Graph or 5-Brightness Including and DC, AA Optional Light Tones City Brightness SWS and VG2 and City VG2 Immunity (Inches) Patented S2 covered or of the following US D314,178 D313,365 D310,167 D308,837 D296,771 D288,418 D253,752 S2 covered or of the following Other Additional the Product Information If purchased S2 directly from with If purchase S2 directly from please the and to Thank business.