Installation SHIFTER ZR3 Complete Twin weather-proof mounts easily to or foot shielded with and mounting mounting with Interface to switched and ground directly using 3M existing vehicle Inc. Inc. and of Inc. Features, specifications and to without MUTE POWER FRONT REAR VOL OFF Rear Weatherproof plate mounted 30-foot with Comprehensive Confirms Sales/Service This First Please both of these instructions Performance Warning Notes the trouble-free installation,install the Interface first,and to switched professional of this and specialists and the Attempting to this without injury,or to vehicle. Since through objects,including plastic,it that the mounted perfectly the Then the other of them the Interface and the to operation. If vehicle installation,its compromised, which or property warranty. To the performance possible,the mounting location of the Although through of plastic, mounting the that clear the warning.
C the location the the vehicles interior. necessary.) using or Route and Interface. that the clearly from the and that the easily without with Route to firewall, and with (included). firewall thoroughly investigating location first, other wires, hoses, from and hoses, Route both the vehicles If there or through firewall, and and interface. (located each through the firewall to the supplied) necessary. SHIFTER ZR3 location the performance, each shifter of the front with clear of the If each shifter the and the of the vehicle. the mounting location. the vehicle necessary. location the Remote Clean the back of the and Route and Interface. Mount the using the that each shifter to the the Thoroughly location from and hoses, that each and clear of the (Optional) of of Interface Interface the DO NOT MOUNT IN ENGINE COMPARTMENT. to ground, and red- to switched supply. (If the the and off with the ignition.) 3M (provided) to existing to the Rear plate screws (top or Mount to using mounting Route through and the vehicles to Rear Interface. C (Optional) location Route optional to ZR3 Interface. of the to the and the other to the ZR3 Interface to ZR3 options plate cover information. Alternatives: routed vehicle from and then brought the vehicles interior. necessary routing. and each of the three wires, and with heat-shrink TEST correctly: Turn the rotating the Turn vehicles to the through