C ISCREET LTIMATE ERFORMANCE
Congratulations The the advanced and The includes X, K, and Warning front and tion, (DSP) and reduced and and and the performance from the of revolutionary and features. Breakthrough and Advanced and City Ultra-bright with and displays to New SpecDisplay New (on/off) Warning Includes SmartCord If of the Reference and and the information and the features. If this first please the to the of performance and features. Please
Reference Card perforations perforations Reference Card There options The CITY and DIM to the REVIEW and to CHANGE as The PROGRAM, REVIEW, and CHANGE located the top of the and highlighted graphics. to To and both top buttons seconds. (The and the Then the REVIEW to the (You the to from item to or the to through the items). Press the CHANGE to (You the to from to or the to through the options). To seconds without (The and to operation). Factory To to its factory and the CITY, DIM, and MUTE buttons while turning the acknowledging the off. the holding both the city and buttons seconds. and Then the REVIEW through the with Light then then and then Release the REVIEW when shows the Since the factory to ON (If release the and to the category, the and through the top of the Press the CHANGE to from ON to OFF To the seconds without Complete and to operation.
perforations Reference Card Press the REVIEW to from to the PILOT LIGHT indication) POWER-ON SEQUENCE SIGNAL STRENGTH METER AUTOMUTE AUDIOTONES CITY MODE SENSITIVITY BRIGHTNESS DARK MODE BANDS Factory Reference Card Press the CHANGE to within or or City or or C with or or with Scanning SpecDisplay off tones tones City City City brightness brightness when turned when turned brightness when turned when turned shows HD, AD, CD One or HWY H.> STD FST STD EXP SPC ON OFF Tone STD LOUD City STD City City LAST MIN MED MAX DARK DARK LAST DARK LAST ALL MOD Turn ON or OFF pressing the ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF LSR ON or OFF SWS perforations
Reference Mounting Location Mount and and City Switch Switch SpecDisplay Table of to of of of Technical Specifications Works Works Works Service Troubleshooting Service Warranty
To follow these the of the the of the and the of the Mount the the mount. the thumbwheel to and the Please the to and features. Reference EasyMount mount this Rear from the vehicle. EasyMount Press the and the mount of its four locking City Switches City, and the the thumbwheel to and the reduces the of the If off.
and The of should clear of the performance, mount directly wipers or tinted areas. or City as its indication. If choose other indications. the band, and of strength. the the light Reference Earphone earphone. the SmartCord this Press to brightness. There three brightness the the to AD, HD, or CD (indicating Highway, or City the the this to the to the (The to the ready to and turn easily features
To the of the SmartCord, (telephone-type the right and the vehicles or accessory operates DC ground only. The and vehicles the to If the the SmartCords lighter and properly connected operation. vehicle, the lighter continuously or switched and off with switch. Optional cords the section optional Direct-wire SmartCord. and Mounting Location Mounting Location WARNING: ESCORT the mounted. It that mount where of Where to mount performance, the following: the Mount, mount and high enough front to clear of the from the front and rear. Mount from wipers, other and heavily tinted that might the or
Mount EasyMount and the the top of the ESCORT) and the EasyMount the it the which fits the of (there four or the EasyMount To that the suction to the windshield firmly, to both windshield and the suction clean. To windshield, the EasyMount located the top of the and or to and properly, the top of should windshield. Mount vehicles (including with coating the of suction permanently this coating. dealership or the vehicle owners to windshield this coating. You the EasyMount windshield, and easily the and off the mount. to the where the of Additional mounts
and To and the tone the thumbwheel Turn the from to increase the it through of If the section the City, or to which selected. If displays. the section to the selected, the reduce the to This without the of If the off. the section and The located front allows to the To the the that passed, the and the to the City Switch The City selects the warning, with this internal continuously incoming and the You and City where and City to and reduce other You City the section
Switch selects the brightness of There four and Press the to brightness. If brightness. the section the with the switch, to inconspicuous indication: AD, HD, or CD. this the A, H, or C Highway, or City, and the the the when the of If the section) and the the SmartCord. and sound to the and type of encountered. sound and as the the the This allows to the from the without from the Each tone easy tone tone tone Since threat to with to these with and text of the text
Connector telephone-type This with the included SmartCord, or the optional Direct-wire SmartCord. The SmartCord that (which lights when the turned bright light that of or and right the Its where reaching the the stretch. the and the SmartCord Other know optional Direct-wire This includes which wired directly with foot straight to to information or to toll-free consists of to of and text information If there and internal which the threat to the the (X, K, or and of the strength. the LASER. NOTE: If operating the the light when the and the flashing the SmartCord. option advanced users. Please to with its other To the instead of the EZ- to It shows information to and ated where there normally other
The actually It shows what each and its strength. KA the and there each Each shows detected. The height of each shows the of that NOTE: If the shown the when with the shows and three and KA shows and three and On there This shows The (X, K, the seconds the passed. This allows to what the detected, the continuously second) to instantaneous of SpecDisplay SpecDisplay option the this the of the received. SpecDisplay shows amount of to with this of information about
There options own The CITY and DIM to the REVIEW and to CHANGE as The PROGRAM, REVIEW, and CHANGE located the top of the and highlighted graphics. each option to To and both top seconds. (The and the Then the REVIEW to the (You the to from item to or the to through the items). Press the CHANGE to (You the to from to or the to through the To the seconds without button. (The and to operation). to with off. the both the city and buttons seconds. and Then the REVIEW through the with Light then then and then Release the REVIEW when shows the Since the factory to ON (If release the and to the category, the and through the top of the Press the CHANGE to from ON to OFF To the seconds without Complete and to operation.
Press the REVIEW to from to the PILOT LIGHT indication) POWER-ON SEQUENCE SIGNAL STRENGTH METER CITY MODE SENSITIVITY Factory To to its factory and the CITY, DIM, and MUTE buttons while turning the acknowledging the of AUTOMUTE AUDIOTONES BRIGHTNESS DARK MODE BANDS HWY H.> STD FST STD EXP SPC ON OFF Tone STD Tone LOUD City STD City City LAST MIN MED MAX DARK DARK LAST DARK LAST ALL MOD ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF LSR ON or OFF SWS Press the CHANGE to within or or City or or C with or or with Scanning SpecDisplay off tones tones City City City when turned brightness when when turned when turned shows HD, AD, CD One or Turn ON or OFF the
Light indication) the the HD, AD, or CD, (Highway-Dark, or City-Dark). this Highway, City, or as its indication. (factory this H C City, and A H.> with this H C City, and A Also, continuously the this Highway, and City. with this and City. Also, continuously the (Scanning this Highway, and City. Each continuously the of this H C City, and A and the vehicles If the vehicles below warning displayed, high warning the The this each turn LASER, K-band, followed (factory If tone and X OFF), that or off. this tone If tone and X OFF), that or turned off. this the displays the of the received and shows the strength. (factory
this the It to band, band, and the The (SpecDisplay this the displays the of the received. The SpecDisplay ON this initially the seconds, reduce the to informed, (factory off) With off, the the of the Tones Tone STD tones) This pleasing tones. (factory of tones) This tones that This recommended vehicles. City City STD this when the City significantly reduced, to reduce from and motion (factory City this when the City reduced than the This reduce from other further, significantly reduces to City this when the City to WARNING: choose this that there where These apply when operated City affected when or Highway
Brightness LAST this when the the selected operation with the (factory MIN this each the the lowest brightness. MED this each the the brightness. MAX this each the the brightness. DARK this each the the This recommended when SmartCord to that STD this when the of the only HD, AD, or CD, indicating Highway-Dark, or City-Dark). (factory ALL this when the the without indication. this SmartCord the only to that this and SWS monitored. This the factory and highly recommended that this this with and associated text stating which turned off SWS OFF). This displayed the or fast). WARNING: absolutely that there that
and Specifications Detector FET VCO Scanning Processing (DSP) Detection LED Graph, or SpecDisplay 12VDC, Negative SmartCord (included) Indication Tones City Brightness Specifications and City VG2 Immunity covered or of the following US D314,178 D313,365 D310,167 D308,837 D296,771 D288,418 D253,752 covered or of the following Other Additional the
Although and this as as teach what to from and to what The type of used, the type of to sound slowly, then the of increases the becomes The accordingly. seconds and then only to and sounds tone the received. the These as The increase awhile and then abruptly to or instant-on) and the location of the the The following introduction to warning and Explanation You approaching of and of or This of the to by. with from these reflected (reflections increased they or when the directly You approaching hill or
intermittently. Rate and of or intermittently. Rate and of increases with each intermittently. Explanation front of with reflected off of and not,the inconsistent. approaching from the other with should seriously. You through with motion Since these buildings or OR from they typically as strong or as CAUTION: the characteristics of these to of the commonly or than nearby.
Works which consists of microwaves, straight and easily reflected such as and directing its beam the vehicle the microwave bounces off and the the reflections. the the then the of the reflection of to the of the beam the of these that typically only If there than vehicle within to the to which the reflection. the of the tion affected both the of the vehicle and its to the the to the from or How Works the of the The of the with The farther the to the and motion often the as Since these of or the ground, they readings than become with the of these they as that
Works actually LIDAR (Light Detection and LIDAR of invisible light. The of light which straight reflecting off and to the LIDAR these light to the to vehicle. then these reflected the known of light. LIDAR (or and as widespread as therefore, to LIDAR than its to guish and to AS RESULT, EVEN THE BRIEFEST LASER ALERT SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. Works There to LIDAR LIDAR to weather than RADAR, and LIDAR affecting such as or LIDAR through and stationary to reading. LIDAR clear of sight and to inaccuracy, which increases as the the and the vehicle, increases) typically LIDAR to the or from LIDAR or
Works Warning or SWS, The SWS currently allocated). The SWS the facing From the factory, with SWS ON. If SWS the associated with the If to this the to SWS OFF. of the condensed, that each displayed or eight-character Works Since tively and the of operation widespread, vehicles, and crossings that with these become (the of operating every these become information and about SWS their
SWS Text WorkZone Closed Bridge Closed WorkCrew WorkCrew Closed Closed Closed Train BridgeUp Bridge School Sharp Curve Crossing or LowGear Loading SchoolBus DontPass Intrsect Emergncy SWS Text HighWind Weather BridgIce Blowing Blowing w/servic Closed Reduced Enforced Hour ExitRght
the location every sight. to or when while within of the first bounces or wind- shield. while of the Troubleshooting motion or located within of With learn of these that wipers and that the tinted areas. vehicle Instaclear or reflective which or City VASCAR and stopwatch of Officer or turned commonly Press the to with the windshield to While holding EasyMount further back the windshield that the back top firm or to disconnected. You of the options to the factory the City, and buttons while
turn Explanation of AD HD CD City the and One of the WorkZone One of the the isnt enough to the or the or KA self-calibration Service the Troubleshooting that ON. that vehicle ON. that vehicle functional. another vehicle. It to
Service Procedure If service, please follow these the troubleshooting section of this It to to the If the that to the factory with Service which included the of The Following Information With Service and of the experiencing. Service Warranty Repairs of warranty repairs, include the amount the Customer Service Representative. If the or the and If the charge, with If the within (or that choose to repaired the without money or and Cord To: ESCORT Customer Service Service protection, that and insured. of and the the of
perforations If purchased directly from to this ESCORT PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD Initial____ If purchase directly from please this section and to or City_______________________________________ Product Purchased________________________ of Purchase__________________________________ reason purchasing this ESCORT
perforations
ESCORT One Warranty ESCORT warrants and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, to the following and The responsibility of ESCORT this Warranty to or, the option of ESCORT, of the There or warranties, including those of or merchantability, which the hereof. allow tions warranty the apply to ESCORT or from the or mounting of the allow the or of or the or apply to This Warranty rights. You other rights, which from to This Warranty apply the the housing of the or subjected to physical or Service offers optional service Warranty and The following and Coiled SmartCord...........$29.95 Direct-wire SmartCord.....................$29.95 Accessory
and the USA Incorporated Service Inc. AFR and SpecDisplay of Inc. SWS of SWS, L.C. Features, and to without