New Product Information INTRODUCTION ESOTERIC releases the K-01, the flagship of all-in-one D/A and CD/CD state-of-the-art and from winning P-01/D-01 It years the of the X-01, with its high-precision and high-rigidity VRDS-NEO SACD/CD The X-01/X-03 which stayed the top of all-in-one SACD/CD player completely and their as the K November The of the clear and D/A and that stress-free without or from the aspects of the and the tough to further top and completed applying of know-how mechatronics state-of-the-art and evolutionary including DAC which The to the of the the both high and based playback The K-03 with VRDS-NEO VMK-3.5-10 which further advanced substantially existing VRDS and of D/A with four DAC The The on-board high-precision clocking advanced. Three of the advanced built-in. USB software connecting with PC. The K-03 high performance that follows the philosophy of the K-01 playback VRDS-NEO, 4-DAC (32BIT)/CH, HIGH-REZ INPUTS, ADVANCED CLOCKING K-03 Source
FEATURES VRDS-NEO VMK-3.5-10 VRDS-NEO high-precision CD/CD mechanically correcting This of high-end mechatronics The K-03 evolutionary of the adopted the X-03SE SACD/CD and includes the VRDS-NEO VMK-3.5-10. This VRDS includes further the of the The specifically and CDs, smooth, high-precision turntable with and turntable used, weight of Additionally, the of the VRDS-NEO, such as the three-phase the thread (which from the philosophy of the P-0), and the type where the consistently the perpendicularly, inherited the K-03. D/A based the philosophy of the K-01 The D/A based the of the ESOTERIC K-01, with four This achieves overwhelming linearity and factor. the D/A ASAHI KASEI Corporations AK4399 adopted, and The AKM D/A with four mounted board each of the and right and with the each of the The supply specifically the The boast supply with supply that from the supply and achieved through right and to high-quality playback with and High-quality with high supply with high supply of the following the the D-01. of the exceedingly high and to stress-free playback from to high-power These symmetrically each of the hot/cold to and XLR outputs. Additionally, implemented to switch the to when RCA used. These advanced with the sound each of the balanced and AK4399 the and of ASAHI KASEI MICRODEVICES CORPORATION that professional and applications. of D/D functions that of D/D functions to match to or to sound preference. These functions include to DSD and PCM directly as as PCM up-conversion to or from the and PCM to DSD function PCM from CD and/or up-conversion PCM to DSD SACD DSD DSD of and The K-03 features four of PCM processing. to of FIR that reputation sound quality, of featured. These often to as the and effects the waveform to the as and sound, of the artifacts often associated with CD recording. The which of the provided. You of the or the off to preference. Three input to high when the K-03 as D/A high-sampling-rate the K-03 the of the astonishing of its D/A The K-01 features three of input (USB, and and these to USB input asynchronous and high-quality of PC High-sampling-rate of input their connecting the K-03 to PC through USB To high-end the USB ESOTERIC software (the software downloaded from the ESOTERIC The USB input high-quality asynchronous and the input of high-sampling-rate to Three including of high-speed (including asynchronous and the full-speed to with of and operating Additionally, USB isolator, isolates the and from the USB input This interference from including the PC, to clearly high-resolution without of fidelity. the the PC.
VCXO high-precision clock high-precision clock implemented to the highest of sound all-in-one VCXO of that the K-03, which advanced sound Additionally, supply the of clock operation. the K-01 without using WORD clock, the high clock the VCXO directly to the D/A without through the PLL This higher-quality reproduction that of This substantially reduces when to high-speed and high-quality inclusive of and acoustic Factory WORD function synchronization with The K-03 WORD function to with WORD clock. This allows to higher-quality sound the to high-precision clock such as the clock. clock to function This function and high-precision the D/A allowance of the and of with of sound to The of the XLR switched to the input of the that to the K-03 You choose or the XLR assignment. Additionally, switch the output RCA, XLR and OFF, as based connected The K-03 to of CDs, and pass-thru externally input however, (DSD streams), and the the D/D supported. reduction to switch the off when the Chassis with each chassis with the of SACD/CD and D/A This to The VRDS-NEO the of the directly attached to the chassis, and three This effectively the of the with to base, free from and The of the K-03 chassis with Each within its own to conflicts boards each mounted the of the which to the rear to the shortest path. The and isolated from the internal chassis and the the of the board. three-dimensional allows the shortest the supply, and of and The K-03 including specifically the built-in D/A and the and the other the and This supply to without interference. The of approximately the of to the highest isolation and These and from and mechanical rounded The K-03 its appearance from the of flagship of players and with the front/side/top of thick and rounded with screws the top and corners. This to of and of ownership, to that known from top and screw the high-end with leather finished The K-03 with that finished leather and with the right The ease of and associated with this based "P
SPECIFICATIONS Compatible CD, CD (CD-R/CD-RW RCA input Word synchronization input D/A Converter K-03 AK4399 AC V, AC V, This three supply shown the chart that the shown the rear matches the AC The of the AC and of the the rating and country. ESOTERIC COMPANY 1-chome, www.esoteric.jp/ www.teac.com/esoteric/ Please that ESOTERIC products respective countries. ESOTERIC of the TEAC Corporation. other or or of their respective TEAC Corporation. Rights graphics and other this to the copyright and other property rights of TEAC Corporation. These directly or indirectly published, reproduced, or distributed and specifications to without XLR RCA XLR: RCA: XLR ohms) RCA: to ratio (S/N) RCA (input ohms) to USB USB BNC wave: to TTL wave: to to The K-03 and to the following from clock (the of locking within supply (W D) (including Remote (RC-1156) AC V, (AA) Warranty