CP18 CP20 Read These Instructions NOTICE: This Product Temporarily First Turned On. This NORMAL If with this please BEFORE to cooling to cooled while The of this fresh cooled the what cool. It when using cooler to Without to the the and the cool adequately. It to the to fresh and another the to and the Unit the and from when To reduce the of shock, properly grounded A.C., To reduce the of shock, protected with Ground (GFCI). This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the WARNING: To reduce the of or shock, this with Cooler Cooling Champion Cooler AR www.championcooler.com
Cooler Casters NOTE: Casters located These the structions below the back This with casters; locking and operation the its and the casters the the locking of the and the casters the With Water the the top of the to with pitcher or Not the the top of the it Water On the front of the there to the of the The of the the with the top of the the the the the reaches the with when This switches, One the and the The switch four and Turn the to to the and High Turn to to off the Cooler To this as cooler, the with and the Turn the to ON to To the as only, the to OFF. to off both the and when WARNING: To the the screws located the top of the Press the top of the near the from the Unit To the the and the from the of the of the The should to the fresh. the once the from the when FAN PUMP Press Screw Screw Water Access TER
Clean The should cleaned season or when To the with Light might necessary. to about years, or when becomes clogged, the to placed. To the to the from the the through the the to to the that the of the the the through the from the back of the and the the to the Clean On to clean or the To the to from its base. Unlock the from the twisting the counterclock-wise. the from the base. there the or hose. Clean the to the To the completely from the the from the Press the the and clockwise to it securely to cooler. This warranty to the purchaser of cooler and It cover incurred through or the owner. authorize or to other or with this Terms Conditions The Warranty One from of purchase, Champion Cooler which to or factory workmanship only. From The Warranty of These and should periodically. or from malfunction. from the of chemicals, or the of service to the of or to and/or To Service This Warranty the where purchased the cooler. If reason with the from the the Customer Service Champion Cooler, This warranty to the purchaser only. www.championcooler.com/eac/onlineregistration-eac.htm Warranty To Unlock
Cooler CP18 CP20 Assembly...........................110875-1 Swivel Casters Swivel Casters Trouble Shooting Cause/Remedy: activated. Switch to ON. Water with and activated. that 120V the or If connected to GFCI tripped.
CP18 CP20 Conserve AVISO: Producto Un NORMAL usted ANTES tor (GFCI). o o o ADVERTENCIA: o Champion Cooler AR www.championcooler.com
NOTA: Con o trabe. OFF ON OFF. NOTA: ADVERTENCIA: S-2 FAN PUMP Tornillo Tornillo TER
o o reemplace o base. o horario o o o Un Champion Cooler o o usted satisfecho Champion Cooler, info@ championcooler.com. www.championcooler.com/eac/onlineregistration-eac.htm S-3
Bombea CP18 CP20 Con o GFCI, S-4