These Instructions NOTICE: This Product Temporarily First Turned On. This NORMAL If with this please BEFORE to cooling to cool. cooled while The of this fresh cooled the what cool. It when cooler to Without outlet to the the and the cool adequately. It to the to fresh and another the to and the Unit the and from when To reduce the of shock, properly grounded A.C., To reduce the of shock, protected with (GFCI). This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the WARNING: To reduce the of or shock, this with Cooler CP70 Cooling Champion Cooler AR www.championcooler.com
Cooler and Casters Unpack the and the to the and the section instructions CAUTION: hose connecting to the holding to of and the casters from the of the To the the the bosses the to the bosses the of the the four screws to the to the of Press the casters each of the locking casters the front and the the back With Water To this with the and with pitcher or hose Not CAUTION: when with Unlock casters when Water On the front of the there to the of the the of the the top of the and as the of the the the lower. to the the following instructions. Turning On Unit Once the pressing the light the backlight the and the Fan-High The the pressed. The the the pushed. Cooler To this as cooler, the with and the Press the to the The the while the To the as only, to off the The the below the below this sound and the the and off. The seconds or when the pushed. The tor ashing the with You to the the with Pressing the the the from High to to The highlighted the Pressing the the back and forth, the to The the displayed when Press the to off. This with You the the to Pressing the the hour to hours. The while the and constantly once The count the hour the reached, the off. Water Water FAN PUMP HIGH MID LOW LOW WATER COOL VENT OSCILLATE TIMER Screw
WARNING: Unit To the the and the from the of the of the The should to the fresh. the once the from the when To the the screws located the top of the the back while pressing the of the where then The hose from the to allow of from with The should cleaned season or when To the with Light might necessary. to years, or when becomes clogged, the to replaced. To the the from the the from the and the the that the of the the the through the from the back of the and the the to the This warranty to the purchaser of cooler and It incurred through or the owner. authorize or to other or with this Terms Conditions The Warranty One from of purchase, Champion Cooler which to or factory workmanship only. From The Warranty of These and should or from malfunction. from the of chemicals, or the of service to the of or charge to and/or To Service This Warranty the where purchased the cooler. If reason with the from the the Customer Service Champion Cooler, This warranty to the purchaser only. www.championcooler.com/eac/onlineregistration-eac.htm Warranty Screw
Cooler CP70 Assembly......................................................110874-1 Water Water Distributor of Assembly Swivel Casters Non-Locking Swivel Casters Water Distributor M4 Head S.S. Screws M4 Head S.S. Screws Trouble Shooting Cause/Remedy: Water with and activated. that 120V the or If to GFCI tripped.
Conserve AVISO: Producto Un NORMAL usted ANTES tor (GFCI). o o o ADVERTENCIA: o CP70 Champion Cooler AR www.championcooler.com
PRECAUIN: tornillos Con o PRECAUCIN: Marcha o (High), S-2 Tornillos FAN PUMP HIGH MID LOW LOW WATER COOL VENT OSCILLATE TIMER
ADVERTENCIA: tornillos o o o o o Un Champion Cooler o o usted satisfecho Champion Cooler, info@ championcooler.com. www.championcooler.com/eac/onlineregistration-eac.htm S-3 Tornillo
Bombea CP70 Con Tubo M4 Tornillos M4 Tornillos o GFCI, S-4