Units WC37 N37W WC44 N44W WC46 N46W WC50 N50W Remote Units RWC35 RN35W RWC46 RN46W RWC50 RN50W Circle the of cooler and the below. Con These Instructions Cooling cooling of cooling. and heat of with the blowing, cooling cool, though the The cooled the of This the where the cooled and then throughout the It this of cooled and the of the which cool. which the cooler continually fresh while You completely the every to or or of both. The fresh, with and as with conditioning. C C Cooler This The Unit. these instructions Unit the and from when or This cooler A.C., only. and grounded and thermal switch which off when The when grounded cooler only. WARNING To reduce the of or shock, this with www.championcooler.com C o Convertible Not Shipped With Cooler At Additional o
Units The switch The the without the blower. the switch to to the operating the High and cool The High Cool and Cool both the and the blower. Turn the to Cool when This allows the to the and therefore increases cooling High and The High and the blower without the This cool or when Units These using the buttons the front of the cooler or with the PUMP button. Pressing this the and off. the LED the the to the operating the The while operating the cooling. You the turned off when FAN Pressing this the through High The the front of the wether the high or off There and the of the ON/OFF Pressing this while the or everything off. Pressing while the off the and to their operating the cooler or interrupted, pressing the On/Off the the which with the and the high. Remote To the cooler with the within and sight of the cooler. the the front The buttons the the tions as the buttons the front of the cooler. The AAA which included. mounting included with the To of cooling the amount of that should exhausted. should The fact that people their enough. The following the amount to Champion of and Turn cooler High Cool. least inches each that to cool. the of and the of the furthest from the cooler of It of three things. IF It THEN CLOSE of the inch and IF It to the THEN OPEN of the inch and IF It the lightly. THEN PERFECT. You cooler. Notes: switching to Cool, Once cool than others those and closing the others the amount. to balanced. House NOTE: If without the of the these and those to screws the the house the of the the top the the previously screws to the house shown house to the instructions house below the house Mounting Cooler CAUTION: that the mounting enough to the operating of the cooler when operating CAUTION: cooler and tested rigidity. Screw facing. the the of the cooler to the of the cooler each and then S the other of each NOTE: The with this mount- Additional anchors purchased choring other of such as or Cooler C S
of and to the of the the to necessary. These the cooler win- of that of and of With cooler the S the of the top the back of the cooler Break to With cooler as each and with and straight to To the should the of straight the to off. Apply the of the that the of the and off each of and of the other top of and the cooler back of cooler that the brought top of Cooler. the chains to the cooler. house house that the house Tighten screw Connecting Water assembly. and through the the with the washer the and the head of the Screw and tight of to to when necessary. hose screwed the to from supply and as shown the and the and the tight. Top the and supply Allow to to within of the top of the and to this This accomplished the WARNING: off and This bearings. The blower and cooler this should with of once each The that the factory and further the of the CAUTION: to force should the inches Clean Cleaning the once off and from the from the mount the of the as shown Clean the and the to free operation. the and cleaning, the the Press to the to the mount the cooler using the to that the to the and the Washer should once or season, the of the season. At the and season and and substantially cool Water of the of the cooler and supply when prolonged and ticularly the of the season. the from both the and supply that Cover To the of the cover the of Corner Water Washer
Cover To the optional cover. This cover purchased from To the cover, the cover with the that the the the section of the the the The To the cover straight from the from supply of following the installation, and as outlined, years of and satisfactory service from cooler. the information than to Duct Conversion This to Follow the this mount to shipped with this cooler. If Customer Service to shipped to the screws from the and bot- of the the top screws of the top while holding the to the or to the cords You to other screws the top to to the the counter-clockwise as the that or the cords which connected to the and the front Remote Blower Switch Black White top screws the of the the front and the top the the with the of the top the screws from the top the to the the screws, them the of the secured. the three the of the with the the front the screws from the of the viously, the to the front the screws from the top and screws. this the RWC35 RN35W the three screws WC37 N37W) from each of the front as shown CAUTION that the screw. It the blower housing To cover the the front the of obtained from Customer Service. the the to the the front and them with the screws the that there the top and the If there the around. NOTE: mounting cooler with this type of the should or The the owners chains and should used. The the to off the the cooler Ground Blower Black White Not Screw Screw LockPlate to the
to or to blown tripped or too or tight overheated too tight Blower locked with cooler too cooling house Trough properly This warranty to the purchaser of cooler and It cover incurred through or the owner. authorize or to other or nection with this Conditions The Warranty Years from of purchase, the assembly should to One Year from of purchase, Champion Cooler which to or tory workmanship only. From The Warranty of These and should or from malfunction. received from the of chemicals, or of higher than what shown the the the of service to of or charge to and/or warranty to the cooler the Section of this To Service This Warranty the where purchased the cooler. If reason with the from the the Customer Service This warranty to the purchaser only. or of overheating blower or to increase or or to increase tion Repack Clean trough and or Troubleshooting and off house or Water from Warranty Blower tight or Bearings blower housing or cooler or properly Trough properly properly assembly or bear- Inspect and Tighten or win- and clean tion Clean or Tighten and
RWC35, RN35W WC37, N37W WC44, N44W WC46, N46W RWC46, RN46W WC50, N50W, RWC50, RN50W HP CV RWC35, RN35W (4L-480) WC37, N37W (4L-450) WC44, N44W (4L-560) WC46, N46W (4L-560) RWC46, RN46W WC50, N50W (4L-560) RWC50, RN50W cations Height Anchura Anchura cations
please to furnish the following information to incluya Cooler Cooler and of purchase WC46, N46W RWC46, RN46W RWC35, WC37, WC44, WC50, N50W N RN35W N37W N44W RWC50, RN50W Top Assembly Water Trough, .............................................................3PW-16 3PW-3 3PW-3 3PW-5 Assembly Water Trough, .........................................................3PW-15 3PW-5 Corner With Con Corner Mount Blower Housing Blower 12BW 15BW 16BW Blower Bearings, Blower Blower Mount Mount ........................................................................................FL-C FL-C FL-C FL-C Mount Tube, Water Tubo Water Distributor Assembly .........................................3D-15 3D-2 3D-3 3D-10 Water Distributor Flow Assembly .........................................................................3OA-1 3OA-1 3OA-1 3OA-1 House Assembly ..............................................3HL-3 3HL-1 3HL-1 3HL-1 House Cord, Switch Switch Switch Lockplate, Units Assembly, Units Assembly, Remote Units Lockplate Remote Units Con Assembly **Bleed-Off Mount Strips Conducto Blower Brace Optional purchased separately. Remote Not included with to this NOTE: items purchased from NOTA:
Conserve o ADVERTENCIA: o usted o o PUMP. PUMP HIGH COOL LOW COOL. HIGH COOL o LOW COOL o LOW COOL HIGH VENT LOW VENT. HIGH VENT o LOW VENT o o botones o PUMP. LED, FAN. LED o LED ON/OFF. o o On/Off botones botones AAA Un incluye
Un usted Champion Aire Tome High Cool. ancho usted Tome SI: ENTONCES: CIERRE SI: ENTONCES: ABRA SI: ENTONCES: PERFECTO. NOTAS: Cool, usted usted NOTA: tornillos tornillos PRECAUCION: PRECAUCION: pared. ancho Enganche S NOTA tornillo o o anclas ancho Con S Con ancho ancho topes pared. tornillo C Gancho S
o ADVERTENCIA: Marcha o Tubo Tubo usted. PRECAUCION: usted usted o
Conducto anchura. tornillos tornillos o tornillos Tornillos Conducto. Con tornillos Con tornillos tornillos RWC35 RN35W. tornillos WC37 N37W) PRECAUCIN: tornillo tornillo tornillos NOTA: o Tornillo Con Tornillo
o o o o o Ocho goteara Un Champion Cooler o o usted satisfecho o o o o Hace o o o o