READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS OWNERS CARE USE MANUAL 4D7 White, with White, Variable-Speed with Light with 4D6 White, White, with with Two-Speed with Printed U.S.A SAVE THE ENVIRONMENT RECYCLE APPROPRIATE MATERIALS Other To and and Spanish instructions included. incluyen Directives
READ BEFORE USING YOUR HUMIDIFIER This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to only If the the the If to this If used, should the and this the areas, or heat the the the cleaning, servicing, or when the the or heat-producing This UL with To UL service repairs. and To and chemicals cleaning recommended. to the CARE MAINTENANCE section this It that cleaning and other such as bleach, which to the or to the assembly. These cleaning tions serious malfunction of the
Introduction invisible to through through the the the leaving white or and the evaporated, there or and white clean and invisible the from the its to and the least once preferably of the the of the season and with the of the season. areas, to NOTICE: using Treatment, whenever the bottles to bacteria Follow the to the amount to to the bottles. The the of chelating type that or Water type with bottles. both bottles emptied, the off and the Water Bottles" light. The when the bottles The right bottle If the The should least from the the directly front of or the through the back and as through the It then the Water bottles Chassis/Power and assembly) Water output
Assembly and Unpack from to that of the lowing items hose Cord covers bottles with NOTICE: The and to They from the and correctly to these instructions to operation to to the CASTERS the bottles, chassis and from the of the Turn the of the the the the four corners of the The should and as as force. four casters the right EVAPORATIVE WICK The mounting the top which the back of the This allows the to the as shown. AIR CLEANING FILTER 4D7 The four that four that mount the the of the back of the CHASSIS/POWER PAK the chassis/power the that chassis/power correctly the front and back of the BOTTLES the bottles with cool fresh, preferably If only home, of the The bottles each. the bottles, to them from this. To reduce carrying the bottle and properly. hose with which
treatment whenever the bottles to bacterial to the instructions the bot- and then the bottles. bottles the with the and to the back of the that the the with the the the covers the bottles. back of ready CONTROLS FAN SPEED with the which choice of three, four or allowing to the or high HUMIDITY SETTING The turn the when the below the and the off when the reaches the operation the the and or from there to the Turning the the counterclockwise turn the off of the humidity. This turned the REFILL LIGHTS The Bottles light, and the off when the bottles empty. The right bottle then the bottle. If the Light and the right bottle emptied, the right of the