To You Thank You purchased world-class Years of its To years of trouble-free operation, this and It of information to and properly and Please Also, please and the Card with This about information to This and Please to these and follow instructions of the of each This to such as injury, burns, fire and Consumer Assistance toll-free hours If concerning operation, or service, first If You Service If further calling, to know and You this information the and included below to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. Purchase to of the the to and the below. the to information about or to reference when Consumer Assistance with: with: with with and This actions which (scratches, and to property.
or or other and the of this or other -WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: and service service agency or the the information this to the of fire or to light switch; Clear the building or of Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the fire
IMPORTANT SAFEI-Y INSTRUCTIONS instructions and/or where to the weather. or items cleaned, washed, or with with the cleaning and other The repaired and fire or and items specifically containing these as to the allow children to with or allow to build-up the or Cleaning should when reach the Clean or each chemicals, from service or around or the the to electrically grounded. the and heat with heat. the that right properly and too that the well-ventilated connected to the outlet and latch). supply.* properly connected to and -the or the supply or off or to or service off located where the 45F (7C). or items that properly with or These items normally expected to the the of clothes or catch fire to or properly. from the Instructions cleaning or should information. directly To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when using follow basic including the following: SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS You that
The and features of below. with and features NOTE: The this from They to the of covered this include features. include Other selector of and shown)
This Section Selecting Starting or properly the This section information to to and to the information below, and NOTE: If Consumer Tips and and with information. and Starting or the and and information. when and restarting the or the to OFF. the tions necessary). the NOTE: The should to OFF when the If the the finished, the to OFF of The sounds to know when the finished. The turned off The helpful when synthetics, and other items that should as as the of selector: Turn the of to ON to know when the finished. Turn the of to OFF when the finished.
Selecting You the information to this section. and these to information about that to the that to this to when Include or Selector: Select turning the to or when the the to the (If Selector, the to the the selectlon: Turn the to to (If Selector, the to the necessary. the this to items that or to items to heavy such as which to or clothes which to when the DAMP DRY. (If Selector, the to high the The of this without heat to the to the The from clothing that or closet, and from items from the the of WRINKLE FREE. (If Selector, the to high the The of this without heat to the to items when this as the or the items with location of free
the the of the and off when the selected reached. the first loads: the to to the Select heat to match the The the or the cool-down of the reached. the cool the to OFF and the the items when the If the Items than to LESS DRY the If items as as to VERY DRY the the heat) The heat when the the This to or cloths, pillows, Turn the to the of the (If Selector, to selected. unheated.) to the chart below the NOTE: to items. TYPE OF LOAD AIR CYCLE RUBBER, PLASTIC, HEAT-SENSITIVE FABRICS Rubber-Pillows, toys Plastic-Shower tablecloths
with from and If with (heat, heat), the to to the chart below and the chat-l NOTE: To reduce the information. from the as as heated heated to and synthetic The consists of of heated and cool-down the cool the without heat. This TYPE OF LOAD COlTONS AND LINENS Heavyweight-Towels, clothes Mediumweight-Sheets, PERMANENT PRESS, SYNTHETICS AND BLENDS Heavyweight-Work clothes, clothes, KNITS Heavyweight-Cottons, T-shirts, shirts Mediumweight-Synthetics sweaters Lightweight-Synthetics and DELICATE FABRICS or This and synthetic cling, and CYCLE AND TIME Heated
If with (high, heat), to the chart below and the chart information. without heat the of heated This to and from heated (high heat heated with high heat to and synthetic heat High heat COlTONS AND LINENS Heavy-Bedspreads, Heavyweight-Towels, clothes Mediumweight-Sheets, Lightweight-Batistes, TYPE OF LOAD PERMANENT PRESS, SYNTHETICS AND BLENDS clothes, raincoats Heavyweight-Work clothes, sheets, Heavyweight-Cottons, T-shirts, shirts Mediumweight-Synthetics sweaters Lightweight-Synthetics and DELICATE FABRICS or cohrol heated heat heated with heat synthetics, and NOTE: To reduce the from the as as This and synthetic and HEATED CYCLE
with If with three (high, heat), to the chart below and the chart information. Loads without heat the of heated This to and from (high heat or heat) to loads. The chart below the to of loads. TYPE OF LOAD COlTONS AND LINENS HIGH HEAT Heavy-Bedspreads, HIGH HEAT Heavyweight-Towels, clothes Mediumweight-Sheets, HIGH HEAT LOW HEAT Lightweight-Batistes, PERMANENT PRESS, SYNTHETICS AND BLENDS Heavyweight-Work clothes, Mediumweight-Shirts, clothes, sheets, KNITS Heavyweight-cottons, T-shirts, Mediumweight-Synthetics sweaters LOW HEAT Lightweight-Synthetics and DELICATE FABRICS or LOW HEAT of information about to (high heat) Drying to This or items. NOTE: To reduce the from the as as This and synthetic and AUTOMATIC CYCLE HIGH HEAT HIGH HEAT LOW HEAT HIGH HEAT LOW HEAT
This Section Maintenance-wary Follow the below to properly. Maintenance-every Cleaning the The located top of the Clean each Product and increase the with the or Doing overheating and to both the and the and the straight off the with or the to to the back and the Restricted reduces efficiency. The whistle know the restricted. Turn off the and the NOTE: Clean each the The If the the reduced.
the following about cleaning and to and operating efficiently. Cleaning and build-up the Clean the months or becomes to build-up. the following both of with with and with the build-up with Thoroughly with and Cleaning the which such as or brightly items, the If to from of the following with and Apply to cloth and thoroughly with cloth. Tumble of to household Apply to with cloth thoroughly with cloth. Tumble of to Cleaning the with cloth. OR and *Turn off the cleaning the the cool. cleaner. to shock or injury, fire or
Removing gather the and fire. It recommended the every to years, or Cleaning should If please Consumer Assistance or which front NOTE: and front the supply or off the back or front the from with or cleaner. wires, thermostats or and necessary. and the supply or off the the cool. when front the holding the switch wires anchored to top of front and Wires MUST NOT rotating to shock or Thermostats Heat with back II with
and front as follows the supply or off the screws from toD and UD each f&t A). top (top rear). screws from front top front corners). front slightly, off B). front from slightly.) front and of C) or wires. from shown with or cleaner. wires, or Reassemble closing the top, the following: D) and properly back of counter- clockwise to should and tight which the switch wires anchored top of front C) and top of wires when operating. top and screws. Top and front securely operating and necessary). NOTE: Consumer Assistance or information. screw8 top clip-holds switch wires
This Section items Drying This section information, and or to and Information. Drying to and the If Heat permanently items the These other items the Empty Turn of heavy items Turn and items to heat-sensitive that and they items such as or and to other items. and other to scratching the to should from the while Sorting Items properly usually properly heavy towels) from light (synthetics, (towels, from synthetics, from light from the the amount of items their the Overcrowding and and items to wear of items with items. You to rearrange items (sheets, tablecloths) to reduce or of and synthetics and removing items from the as as action when items, or lint-free towels. This lightweight items from
Drying items and household with instructions. follow when they instructions included this section. Heat plastic, or items without heat. or The and and and clothing. Warning Follow and If the to as or If or of the other and from while and allow to Pillows, toys Feather, If recommends and: coverings securely stitched. and the items the completely Feather to Plastic, Items Shower Follow tablecloths, Follow recommended. to and when and allow to together and straighten them. partly the and re-straighten. as recommended synthetic If recommends sheets, or the and preheat high This and with towels. when and and or to Gently stretch to and completely to Press with cool
and lowest or Draperies, to from while slightly while slightly They to tightly. synthetic or high heat. the or and to and items or pillowcase clothes to and and items while slightly They and to lowest from while slightly items or to washed or following and items treated with to their to items clearly To through and and finishes to the instructions. or with to Follow Napped items Corduroy, to and shown from while there of Smooth, and Quilted, Follow instructions. items from and or the item the Smooth and then Snowsuits, and Follow about and from immediately and to This Tinted, or to and instructions. the to or that to other items loads. Cleaning the interior
Select to type. towels, those of of synthetic and and than other causing to to from the and towels. and Select to and Turn synthetics and when to and while slightly and to recommended reducing and follow instructions top of the the the started. heat the to without items to partly or the unnecessarily. to another. shortens supply or turn off supply. Clean Clear, from the becoming item If the and with or rewash. the and as Shorten properly and cleaning as the clean. where 45F (7C). -Sort and type.
easily the following and If the or Service section and PROBLEM CHECK IF CAUSES/SOLUTIONS Greasy Follow Undiluted washer to the Enough enough to the to of the washer and greasy with Items they items other items the They the that items loads. heat permanently these properly Static electricity attracting too or heavy or Empty of of Enough enough to the the amount and caused wear and easily from the and often Synthetic to than others, and Clean Sort towels, from (synthetics, the washers synthetics attracting electricity. loads. items cant freely, to to
PROBLEM CHECK IF Items There amount of the to Static items while there electricity of type and stretched and them to the This of Follow Cold slightly to than Cold however, and reduce than where the below 45F (7C) warmer than 45F (7C). Cold increases and to to Instructions or and follow Synthetics, synthetic Synthetics, synthetic and and electricity. and to the items while there of items should while then and items than others than They to to than of the and to the Instructions provided. Clean or each Clean Properly the to grounded that the stated the Instructions. CAUSES/SOLUTIONS
If You Assistance Service This section to the of service of this section their and actions to each and what to or service. Consumer Assistance or service, please of the and and the purchase This information properly to Performance often from things and without of Please the chart below It the of service and button. heat. or or to heat CHECK IF SOLUTION blown or Turn to OFF. tripped. with of the capacity. or used. and closed. firmly. firmly. or and ON Heat its (there heat that Homes or Turn to OFF. tripped. with or of the capacity. used. and Turn to OFF. both and supply and to finish. The supplying or If tripped or the heat.
Drying too If Whlrlpool Consumer Assistance telephone from anywhere the U.S.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, necessary, service If write to: Consumer Assistance Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include phone If service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and after-warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance telephone or telephone directory APPLMNCE-HOUSEHOLD- WASHINQ MACHINES SERVICE DRYERS, SERVICE REPAN SW: WhIrlpool or -SW: Whirlpool or Service Service XYZ KY2 CO.) clean. or clogged. Whirlpool CHECK IF Clean instructions section of information. Clean If FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and right, they to the exacting specifications to every To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action. SOLUTION
LENGTH OF WARRANTY1 WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FSP and to FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY or workmanship. Service authorized WhirlpoolSM service From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: Correct the of to house or house or light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the D. to caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the s-82 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the Assistance or Service section of this Assistance or Service, found Consumer Assistance from anywhere the U.S. PART NO. Service of Whirlpool Printed U.SA ESTATE Warranty