8318478A ELECTRIC AND GAS DRYERS about features, operation/performance, or service or www.estateappliances.com of
DRYER SAFETY..............................................................................2 PARTS AND FEATURES................................................................4 CHECKING YOUR VENT DRYER USE Starting and Restarting..............................................................6 and CYCLES...........................................................................................7 Drying Heat Drying Rack..................................................................................8 and the of others this and and This the This to that or and others. follow the and the DANGER or WARNING. These what the to reduce the chance of injury, and what the instructions followed. TABLE OF CONTENTS DRYER SAFETY DRYER CARE..................................................................................9 Cleaning the Cleaning the the Light...........................................................10 TROUBLESHOOTING ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE.........................................................11 WARRANTY You or seriously immediately follow instructions. You or seriously follow instructions.
WARNING: the information this to the of fire or or to property injury, or death. or or other and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: to light touch switch; building. Clear the or of Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service service agency, or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when the follow basic including the following: instructions using the items to cooking Items with cooking to reaction that to catch fire. that previously cleaned washed or with dry-cleaning other or as they off that or allow to or the of when the the from service or carded, the to the reach the the or the where to the weather. with SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS or of the or servicing specifically this and or published user-repair instructions that and the to or products to recommended the of the or heat to containing or textured Clean or each around the and surrounding from the of and The of the and should cleaned service instructions grounding
and NOTE: The this from They to of the covered this include features. PARTS AND FEATURES Additional features of light Optional purchase Drying *Other This Instructions.
CHECKING YOUR VENT properly and to efficiency and the recommended clearances (found Instructions) to the of combustion and to Instructions information. heavy to follow these instructions death or fire. If the properly and covered the warranty. NOTE: Service caused the customer, whether or or or or crush It completely to allow to flow. installation. to Instructions of increase The routed right, or straight the back of the the straightest when routing the the of and Allow when or to to screws to catch screws. Clean periodically, least years, or when location. Disconnect from the and clean section reach the To the hose or or with feather or attached. the the of freely. cleaning to follow the Instructions with
DRYER USE Starting and such as from that to follow these instructions death, or fire. washer completely that type of it (including cooking Items containing or clothesline or to follow these instructions death or fire. the with cloth to from and clothes the and the the Allow clothes to freely. Turn the to the recommended the type of the to heavyweight and loads. and Tips. Select with selector. The include NOTE: The of the Select the of The helpful when or synthetics. Promptly these items from the the of the to On the of of the Turn the to ON or OFF. the START and Restarting You To the or turn the to OFF. NOTE: The should to when the To the Select and START.
clothes the the Allow clothes to freely. The following chart shows of that would allow of of of clothes shirts of childs outfit towels, towels, cloths, sheets, pillowcases, T-shirts, of shorts, and Select the and Cool the without heat the of to the to Drying Follow when they If sheets, those Follow instructions. the from the as as to reduce This and synthetic and the High heat heavyweight items such as and clothes. heat items, such as sheets, and heat lightweight items such as and knits. no-heat plastic, or heat-sensitive or NOTE: If about loads, to the If of the to rather than higher Loading This covers from the shown and of the and features Drying this to loads. that the the and off the when the selected reached. The the the cool the to and the If the than to the If the as as using the The to or More Dry. NOTE: Drying with to the type of of and and Tips. WRINKLE PREVENT to from the as as The WRINKLE PREVENT rearranges and the without heat to the to This and activates the of the the within the Select this to thoroughly heavy items such as and or of towels. the to High heat. CYCLES
this to items the Heavyweight and items, such as and clothes and that the selector, to High heat or to that matches the Lightweight items, such as and that the to heat. NOTE: On included the selections. Drying and Select this to or heavy items, such as thick or the selector, to High heat. Select this to items to or items that items such as (to stiffness) or clothes (to the selector, to High heat. this to from items, such as clothes or items from the too the selector, heat or heat, the Heat this items that without heat, such as and heat-sensitive the chart of items that of pillows, toys shower tablecloths to to that coverings securely stitched. and item completely. to The items would to or that would normally sweaters, pillows, toys). If purchase information, please to the Assistance or Service section this or the from whom purchased To the the the back of the the front to the the items top of the the items reach the the NOTE: allow items to the of the Select and or Items containing or clothesline or using the START NOTE: You the with the This chart shows of items that and the and the amount of items Wool Sweaters to and the toys or or toys or heat) or heat) to Drying
DRYER CARE Cleaning the Screen Every cleaning The located the top of the Clean each increase To the off the with or to to the back IMPORTANT: the with the screen or Doing overheating and to both the and of synthetic and and shed than other towels, causing to to from the and towels. If off the the the and the Checking cleaning and the This clothes, or the to completely The off the Clean the with every months, or becomes to To off with both of with with and with the to with Thoroughly with clean towel. back Cleaning the cleaner. to death, or fire. To with and Apply to cloth. OR Apply household to the and with cloth thoroughly with cloth. Tumble of clean cloths or to NOTE: which such as or brightly items, the interior. These to and of clothes. items to
Removing From the should years, or Cleaning should From the should every years, or the Light The light the when the To the light or the the light cover the back of the the screw located the right of the cover. the cover. Turn counterclockwise. the with the cover and with the screw. or TROUBLESHOOTING First try the and possibly the of service Clothes satisfactorily the following: the with the or with restricting the the to If clean of or with heavy or the crushed or with heavy or or tripped? household or The heat. selected? Select the right the of and Tips. the the supply the only and once. the located with below operation of used? the with items and with items that the too and heavy to the to freely. the following: the blown, or tripped? used? the closed? the START pressed? selected? sounds the of If the hasnt while, there thumping sound the first of operation. The clicking operating sound. the clogged? Clean
the properly Sort (towels, from synthetics). the too or too heavy? to the the type. lint-attracting electricity. and Tips. or caused wear and or properly used? sheets the of the to partially-dried items when the Items should items properly Sort light from Sort items from items. Items the overloaded? that freely. the the Match to type. and Tips. the from the of the the overloaded? that freely. the the Match to type. and Tips. recently or the where located? If the the or from the re-wash and the clothing. If the the first The heating The the first the following: and and to instructions followed? items ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE or service, please Troubleshooting. It the of service If follow the instructions below. calling, please know the purchase and the and of This information to to If If to that only FSP factory specified These right and right, they with the to every ESTATE To FSP Customer Interaction or service or service the Customer Interaction with: and of information and Accessory and (Spanish hearing impaired, to and service service technicians trained to the warranty and after-warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the service directory further If further write with or Brand Appliances Customer Interaction MI Please include phone U.S.A. To the Whirlpool Customer Interaction free and follow the www.estateappliances.com and
from the of purchase, when this operated and to instructions attached to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP and to or workmanship. Service Whirlpool service Whirlpool Corporation Service to the of including used. to the section of this and Instructions. Service to to to house or house or or to light when other than single-family household from fire, acts of (including, to, with or with and or of products Whirlpool Corporation. or operated the United States. and This to repaired the to or from to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to this and together reference. You of purchase or in-warranty service. the following information about to or service You to know and You this information the and located as shown and Features. 8318478A Whirlpool Corporation. rights of Whirlpool, U.S.A. Printed U.S.A. ESTATE DRYER WARRANTY ONE-YEAR FULL WARRANTY the United States, this warranty apply. authorized to another warranty If service, first the Troubleshooting section of this Additional found the Assistance or Service section or the Customer Interaction from anywhere the U.S.A. or write: Brand Appliances, Customer Interaction Road, MI Purchase