II PART NO. to and Selecting the right and the End-of-Cycle the Troubleshooting Assistance or Service Warranty Assistance with or
to You Thank the functionality of To years of trouble-free operation, this and It information about to and properly and Please Also, please and the Ownership Card with This about information Please information. Whenever to service to and You this information the Purchase and location of Please the purchase of and and telephone this and the together reference. Consumer Assistance toll-free hours
to This Please-pay to these and tollow instructions tion of the of the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the information this to the of fire or or to property or of life. or or other and the of this or other -WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: to light switch; phone Clear the building or of Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the fire Installation and service service agency or the This to such as burns fire and shock.
Instructions allow to the instructions or Cleaning should electrically grounded. the allow to with or or items cleaned, washed, or children when with cleaning or other reach the The fire or and items containing these or items that with or cooking These items to the the or catch fire or from cleaning or should directly around or the that located where the 45F (7C). properly well-ventilated and that the to the and supply.* properly connected to and or or properly repaired and SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when follow including the following: and/or where to the weather. with the or heat- with heat. the supply or off attempting to service Also, off from service or the to Clean or each specifically as to the normally expected of clothes to properly. the right too -the or the Instructions information.
and The and of illustrated below. with and features included to features. to those information about the features. NOTE: The this from They to the features of covered this include features. selector include and Other Other features shown: Consumer Assistance End-of-Cycle selector Drying rack On
The information this section learn to efficiently and to Tips information and of washables. the with cloth to from and Starting clothes the and the Turn the to the the Preferred to You anytime To the the OR Press the (usually located top of the and with and The with information about If Selector, to the Press the NOTE: when NOTE: The should to OFF when the To the the Select and
Selecting the right and The following the to the charts selecting Drying follow when they To plastic, and heat-sensitive the or or these items or The of without heat to the to To reduce the from the as as This and synthetic and to information about: clothes choosing items. using the Preferred off when the selected reached. The the the cool-down, the cally to OFF and If the than to LESS DRY the If the as as Select to VERY DRY the offer high heat and heat Select the to match to items items and that items and that NOTE: offer high heat and heat
or the or to or cloths, pillows, the Warning and the chart information about this heated If Heat/ NOTE: or heat-sensitive items. the to items to or to items that heavy such as which to become or clothes which to when the End-of-Cycle The sounds to know when the finished. The helpful when synthetics, and other items that should from the as as On the End-of-Cycle On other the End-of-Cycle turned On or selector. shown the the End-of-Cycle On/Off Selector of the Turn the to On the to The from clothes that or closet, or from items from the the of as the or the items
Drying chart the chart below to when The chart heat and loads. NOTES: to loads. only the AUTOMATIC CYCLE* TIMED CYCLE TYPE OF LOAD (heat COlTONS AND LINENS Heavyweight Towels, clothes Lightweight PERMANENT PRESS, SYNTHETICS AND BLENDS Heavyweight Work clothes, Shirts, clothes, sheets, Lightweight KNITS Heavyweight T-shirts, shirts Synthetics sweaters Lightweight Synthetics and DELICATES* or recommended heat Select the or or recommended If of the chart than choose the lowest follow when they High High
or or The chart below includes of items that without heat. the or or the items or to NOTES: Heat-sensitive should the or follow when they NO HEAT/FLUFF or AIR TYPE OF LOAD DELICATE FABRICS or or heat RUBBER, PLASTIC, HEAT-SENSITIVE FABRICS Rubber-Pillows, toys coverings securely stitched. and the or completely to Plastic-Shower tablecloths COTTON AND CANVAS SHOES bath the to as or from while and allow to heat-sensitive plastic, or items with heat. the or or these items or to fire or items. O-20
the as accessory The items that to The the of the indentations the back of the the front the the items top of the the items reach NOTE: nothing the of the the TEMPERATURE TIME RACK DRY CYCLE Wool sweaters LOW to and the toys or LOW or toys or or unheated. or as to Select the (and or the Heat/ or Press the NOTES: the chart below and the of items that might The Drying the items The foliowing chart
of its life. This section to properly and Cleaning the Every cleaning The located top of the Clean each increase To clean: the and the straight off the with or screen to to the screen back and the IMPORTANT: the with the or Doing overheating and to both the and of synthetic and and than other towels, causing to to from the and towels. NOTE: Clean each The whistle the restricts and reduces efficiency. hear the the and the cleaning and the Clean the with every months or becomes to the following both of with with and with the to with Thoroughly with clean towel;
Cleaning the which such as or brightly items, the interior. If to from the with and Apply to cloth and thoroughly with cloth. Tumble of to supply or off supply. Clean Turn off the cleaning the interior. the cool.
Removing gather the and fire. should to years, or Cleaning should If please Consumer Assistance toll-free or which front NOTE: and front the supply or off the back or front the tion from tion with or cleaner. wires, thermostats or and necessary. the supply or off the the cool. Dryer when front the holding the switch wires anchored to top of front and Wires MUST NOT rotating to shock or Thermostats Heater Heat terminals with back with front
If and front front as follows: the supply or off the screws from top and each front A). top (top hinged rear). internal screws from front top front corners). front slightly, off of B). front from slightly.) front and of of B) or wires. from shown with or cleaner. wires, or Reassemble closing the top, the following: of B) and back of counterclockwise to should and tight which the switch wires anchored top of front of B) and top of wires when operating. Warning, top and screws. Top and front securely operating and necessary). information, Consumer Assistance toll-free, hours screws top I-800-253-1301
This section information clothes and instructions items. NOTES: to washer and and and of this Information. Sorting clothes from light from Items properly usually properly heavy towels) from light (synthetics, Choosing items with items. the the amount of items their the crowding and and items to wear of You to rearrange items (sheets, tablecloths) to reduce or Drying and to other items. heat- that and they to and the or items. Heat permanently (towels, from synthetics, turn action, when items, or lint-free towels. This lightweight items from or money, these emptying Turn items such as or to should from the while
recommended reducing and follow instructions top of the the the started. heat the to to loads. without items to partly or the unnecessarily. to another. shortens the and them with or and rewash. the and as Shorten exhausting properly and cleaning and as the clean. where 45F (7C). -Sort and type.
Drying items and household with follow when they and instructions. of washables. include instructions The chart below instructions washables. TEMS DRYING INSTRUCTIONS and recommended. Block to when and allow to together and straighten them. partly the and restraighten. as synthetic If high This and with towels. when and and or to Gently stretch to and completely to Press with cool Draperies, clothes items finishes or the and preheat and while slightly They to tightly. to from while slightly and items or pillowcase and items while slightly They and to from while slightly items treated with to their to items clearly To through and and to the instructions.
ITEMS Napped items Corduroy, Quilted, items Snowsuits, or Tinted, or to and instructions. the to or that items to other loads. Cleaning the interior and to and Turn synthetics and when to and while slightly and to DRYING INSTRUCTIONS or with to Follow instructions. from while there of Smooth, and Follow instructions. from and or the item the Smooth and then follow instructions. about and from immediately and to This
Troubleshooting easily the the following and their to the which without service. If Assistance or Service Common PROBLEM CAUSE Greasy improperly used. Static electricity Drying items. properly synthetic that lint-attracting electricity. too or heavy. or caused wear and attracts type and incorrect type. instructions followed. too and to located with below 45F (7C). clogged, restricted, or too Drying items. improperly used. stained. cleaning improperly used. includes synthetics, synthetic and that electricity. and synthetic Clothes of
Common R! service, these: the blown or tripped the the the and the supply the closed? the ON the with or with the there thumping sound from indicating awhile? the sounding? If Assistance or Service
Assistance or Service or service, please Troubleshooting It the of service If follow the instructions below. If toll-free toll-free from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory operation from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Assistance Whirlpool Corporation North M-63 Please include If service the from whom purchased the or the authorized servicer autho- servicer toll-free or service: Please of the and and the chase This informatior properly to Ea SERVICE If FSP@ FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and right, they to the exacting to To FSP to or toll-free If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP only when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
LENGTH OF WARRANTY WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FSP@ FULL ONE-YEAR and to or workmanship. Service (from of purchase) authorized Whirlpool service WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service Correct the of to house or house or light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the D. to caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the Assistance or Service section of this and then, Consumer Assistance telephone from anywhere the U.S.A. PART NO. Whirlpool Corporation of WhNlpxl. U.S A. I USA Warranty recovered