UNDERCOUNTER DISHWASHER PART NO. MODEL SERIES TUD4000, TUD5700 FROM WHIRLPOOL C AT to You Dishwasher and Dishwasher dishwasher dishwasher option Canceling selection chart What each option the the operating Water dishwasher Loading Dishwasher Caring Dishwasher Common Troubleshooting Assistance or Service Warranty
to You Thank ESTATE dishwasher the functionality of To that years of trouble-free operation, this and It of about to and ance properly and Please Also, please and the Product Card with This about information Please information. Whenever to service to know and You this information the and the and Features section). Please the purchase of and and telephone this and the together reference. Consumer Assistance toll-free. Please: dishwasher where dishwasher protected from the and dishwasher that the and its and Properly dishwasher to electricity, and Instructions information. Purchase from hoses and (such as the the and temporary dishwasher to properly. Properly dishwasher. the Caring Dishwasher section.
Dishwasher and the of others this and and DANGER WARNING the to reduce the chance of injury, and what the instructions followed. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS WARNING using the dishwasher, follow including the following: instructions the dishwasher. the dishwasher its function. only or recommended dishwasher and them of the reach of items to washed: items that they to the and with the to reduce the of cut-type items they dishwasher or the items the the heating or immediately This the This to that or and others. the and the DANGER or WARNING. These SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS You or seriously follow instructions. You or seriously follow instructions. the dishwasher properly with or the or of the dishwasher. To reduce the of injury, allow to or the dishwasher. that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLO- SIVE. If the such using the dishwasher and the flow from each This release the or this the to the when dishwasher from service or
and dishwasher illustrated below with the and features To information or included. Third Top shelves Water Heating Instructions information. and right and Access
switch FROM WHIRLPOOL C AT PARTS AND FEATURES DRY SELECT HEATED NO HEAT DRY DRY LIGHT WASH NORMAL WASH NORMAL WASH POTS PANS POTS PANS DRY OFF RINSE ONLY USE NO HEAT DRY RINSE
Dishwasher This section to or dishwasher. to reference. dishwasher WARNING dishwasher completely Doing serious or Electrically ground dishwasher. ground to ground cord. to death, where dishwasher protected from fire, or shock. the Protect to of covered the warranty. to the dishwasher section. and dishwasher that the and its and from hoses and (such as the the Instructions information. WARNING
grounded, connected dishwasher: The dishwasher grounded. the of malfunction or grounding reduce the of shock of least The dishwasher with and grounding The outlet that and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING of the of shock. with or service whether the dishwasher properly grounded. the with the dishwasher; the GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS USING YOUR DISHWASHER permanently connected dishwasher: The dishwasher connected to grounded or with the conductors and connected to the or the dishwasher.
USING YOUR DISHWASHER Properly the top and the the Loading Dishwasher section. the with to nothing from turning freely. the the section. Starting dishwasher The dishwasher and to the selections the option. NOTE: the Heat Dry. the when closing and latch. dishwasher Turn off DRY SELECT NO HEAT DRY DRY HEATED
with buttons, selection chart with switches, to The with chosen. The which operates. Turn the clockwise to to the You each The dishwasher the selected. NOTE: If the latched, hear and as the each This and the dishwasher. If with the unlatched. You item to the dishwasher the reaches Light the to the and the the action to the the and the You To the selected option(s): the to the and the Turn the clockwise to the the to properly the the the section. USING YOUR DISHWASHER LIGHT WASH NORMAL WASH POTS PANS the seconds the dishwasher to This reduce the amount of that from the when restarting the Press to The dishwasher where NOTE: Turning the the covered section of the to to the covered section, and the cover, the both and the The dishwasher the OFF DRY with RINSE ONLY USE NO HEAT DRY USE NO HEAT DRY RINSE
USING YOUR DISHWASHER option switch You the Select option To the option, the other option. the options option each option. Canceling You anytime Turn the clock- to the of the or You hear when advanced to the location. DRY SELECT NO HEAT DRY DRY the dishwasher completely. the to the Turn the clockwise to to HEATED
selection chart POTS PANS cleaning of cooked-on or baked-on foods. POTS PANS HEAVY WASH heavily loads. NORMAL WASH to heavily loads. (The based this NORMAL WASH LIGHT WASH lightly to loads. LIGHT WASH RINSE ONLY items to washed or option only. Heated option food to dishes. RINSE ONLY USE NO HEAT DRY includes heated USING YOUR DISHWASHER shows what each
USING YOUR DISHWASHER What each option Heated option If the Heated option selected, the dishwasher heated the of the Heat option If the Heat option selected, the dishwasher heated the of the this option to (overnight) and items (such as plastics) option the option selected, heating reduced the and This reduce the amount of electricity to the dishwasher. as You the dishwasher to or hours Option button(s). Turn clockwise to the of hours the dishwasher to the selected and the NOTE: You items while counting and the The the unlatched. and Light SELECT DRY SELECT HEATED NO HEAT DRY DRY SELECT DRY SELECT HEATED NO HEAT DRY DRY
the only. Other too and too tightly closed cool, dishwasher cleaning. the The section with cover and without. the cover the section the dishwasher when closing the The covered section when the NOTE: It the cover to partially when to The amount of to the of and the type of If too clean. If too glassware of dishwasher amounts of phosphorus If and with phosphorous of than to or with phosphorous higher than or NOTE: amounts shown chart Amounts or Follow when dishwasher or USING YOUR DISHWASHER Cover Cover covered section Light WATER TYPE Soft both sections Normal and WHERE TO FILL Top of Top of Top of
USING YOUR DISHWASHER the the with greatly the of flow off them the from and as To If empty, E clearly the The of the clear when To You to the to The ounces of this about three months. the dishwasher the to the the the of the If This the washer, Clean with cloth. the and tightly closed. NOTE: dishwasher to or Release of amount of the the of each the to clear when E shows when C
operating To thumping and operation: lightweight items the racks. and or with the rotation, or cover the tower. Water and activates the grease and spot-free. To the to dishwasher. the and or meat thermometer least the allowing the to overflow. Then the If the below 120F, the thermostat heater. You loads. dishwasher the amount of electricity and as the Light whenever The and than the Normal the option The heating the and reduced. NOTE: as the too USING YOUR DISHWASHER they another. NOTE: dishwasher operation to through least 120F as the dishwasher. The dishwasher heat the to performance. correctly Incorrect and the to rewash or of the normally dishes. Select the the and the recommended amount of without dishwasher off-peak hours. this to heavy of of the Heat option whenever Allow to
USING YOUR DISHWASHER dishwasher If about with the to dishwasher NOTE: It the responsibility to should washed dishwasher. Bottles and Iron Stoneware Hollow- Plastics Plastics or Plate Dishwasher Exceptions/Special Information High and of bottles and hand. attached with dishwasher. and arm(s) or the and reduce performance. Seasoning and hand-painted or over-the-glaze or of leaded with repeated washings. Gold-colored flatware with repeated dishwasher of attached to the with which washed the dishwasher. High and or finish. withstand high and Plastics their to withstand high and immediately. Prolonged with food containing products, or finish. immediately. Prolonged with food containing or and seafood) hand. Untreated crack, or its finish.
Loading Dishwasher This section to properly dishwasher the and to the dishwasher Scrape food, bones, toothpicks, and other items from dishes. To and them the dishwasher. and cooked to they to of to to them Loading the top The top and other items. third to cover the third when the top and cleaning and top only. The to items the them the to lightweight items. crystal, and other items each other washer operation. the rotating they or It the to reach to from and cover third
LOADING YOUR DISHWASHER items the top only. items dishwasher recommended. items the force of the them the items might the bowls, and other the top fold-down shelves shelves of the top items bowls, to items. Loading the Items with cooked-on or food should the with facing to the and other items of the arm. freely. items they or cover the tower. Securely heavily bowls, and facing to the items directly tower. cover cover
cake and other items and back. Loading such items front from reaching NOTE: or items the with front. items the and the of the dishwasher This the Loading the the while the or the counter or NOTE: The the front of the of the completely the location. The easy or the the to the items each section of the with and to reach items. IMPORTANT: items items bottle section. LOADING YOUR DISHWASHER cover
Caring Dishwasher dishwasher to years of service. There things to dishwasher properly. This section to clean and dishwasher. to the Common section cleaning Cleaning the of cloth or and that necessary to the of dishwasher and clean. Cleaning the white to the beneath the To Apply dishwasher to to OR dishwasher and clean with the dishwasher cooled. Wear type of cleanser other than dishwasher foaming or NOTE: Removing and the Common section to clean dishwasher with white this only. dishwasher. The the front right of the dishwasher the dishwasher from It the dishwasher to the that the from or
Cleaning the Clean the when and the to reach collected from the with or towel. the to dishwasher or dishwasher Protect dishwasher and to freezing If dishwasher seasonal or to the following: NOTE: to or the of dishwasher. supply to the dishwasher. Turn off to the dishwasher. the screws the and the the Then, wrench to the from the supply the from the supply and the the from the outlet and from the supply CARING FOR YOUR DISHWASHER Water Water supply Water and Water hose
CARING FOR YOUR DISHWASHER both and to the supply Empty the and the the and the hose from the hose to the to the the the NOTE: If dishwasher connected to the This to the hose dishwasher. Reconnecting dishwasher the screws the and Turn the supply to dishwasher. Turn supply to dishwasher. dishwasher through and the Protect dishwasher the months turning off the supply and supply to the dishwasher. Water outlet Water supply Water hose Water and
Common Following performance this service. If to dishwashers to the Troubleshooting section service information. chart PROBLEM Food and CAUSE Water too of incorrect, too or ineffective cakes to of to high or high Water too of incorrect SOLUTION Follow instructions. If heater to dishwasher 120F (49C) the section. recommended dishwasher only. the the section. than fresh to effective. tightly closed cool, only fresh allow to hours caked Clean when caked should to pounds inch dishwasher the supply too or recommended dishwasher to and the the section. To and the of this section. If turn heater to dishwasher 120F (49C) recommended dishwasher only.
SOLVING COMMON DISHWASHING PROBLEMS PROBLEM and Dishes completely or white cloudy Black or White cookware with CAUSE Incorrect amount of of ineffective to Dishes properly Plastics Water reaction with of usually caused of or overloading the dishwasher, and heat of items touching Seasoning dishwasher SOLUTION Follow amount. and/or fresh tightly closed cool, should to dishwasher the supply too Dishes the Loading Dishwasher section. to plastics, to to It to To this process, amount of than and the dishwasher to allow thorough and and the Heat option. items that they throwaway items the dishwasher they and cleanser. Reseason cookware dishwasher
PROBLEM Dishwasher White with Non-Stick the Dishwasher of Dishes and the with from and as or To and and or the of the washer, white with the following and washer. or other the dishwasher. SOLVING COMMON DISHWASHING PROBLEMS CAUSE amounts of tomato-based foods the dishwasher Seasoning dishwasher Dishes every SOLUTION of Heated option to dishwasher performance. of the with Heat option loads, reduce the of Reseason cookware dishwasher least once or and that they and together from action. and smoothly NOTE: of and glassware too and should hand-washed; feather-edged and types. of household or dishwasher upright the and the Select the Normal and Heat option. Allow the dishwasher to the NOTE: This cleaning only. dishwasher.
Troubleshooting please the chart below It the of service Dishwasher PROBLEM Dishwasher or Dishwasher Water dishwasher covered section of Dishes as as expected White appears front of Dishwasher CHECK THE FOLLOWING the tightly and securely latched? the correctly? the Dishwasher section. household or tripped? If the of within If service. the supply turned the should and freely. Press to release. the Dishwasher section. Allow to finish. amount of the If clogged, follow the cleaning instructions. the completed? the and without the the section. the backwards? The the dishwasher the empty? greatly the the section. Heat option the too used? the the section. and to reduce foaming and the backwards? The the dishwasher
Assistance or Service or service, please the Troubleshooting section. It the of service If follow the instructions below. If the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance telephone toll-free from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, service necessary, service If write to: Brand Appliances Consumer Assistance North M-63 MI Please include phone If service Whirlpool nationwide of authorized service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance telephone or phone directory APPLIANCE-HOUSEHOLD- WASHING MACHINES MAJOR, SERVICE REPAIR DRYERS, SERVICE REPAIR Whirlpool Appliances or Whirlpool Appliances or Authorized Whirlpool Service Authorized Whirlpool Service XYZ Service XYZ Service or service: Please of the and numbers, and the purchase This information properly to If FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever ESTATE ance. FSP right and right, because they to the exacting specifications to ESTATE To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer, and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
Dishwasher Warranty LENGTH OF WARRANTY FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY FROM DATE OF PURCHASE FULL TEN-YEAR WARRANTY FROM DATE OF PURCHASE WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service Correct the of dishwasher. to dishwasher. house or house or B. Repairs when dishwasher other than single-family household C. and dishwasher to repaired the D. to dishwasher caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSE- QUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool If service, first the Troubleshooting section of this Troubleshooting, found the or Service section, or Consumer from anywhere the U.S.A. PART NO. Printed U.S.A. Whirlpool Corporation of Whirlpool, U.S.A. ESTATE WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FSP and to or workmanship. Service authorized Whirlpool service FSP and the DURAPERM and/or should they to to or workmanship. Service authorized Whirlpool service