UseAndCare STANDARD-CLEANING ELECTRIC RANGE To You If You Warranty US with or MODEL TERZOWOY
To You You purchased worldclass Years of its manufacturing. To that years of trouble-free operation, this and It of information to and properly and Please Also, please and the Ownership Card with ance. This about information to This and Please to these and follow instructions of the of each Consumer Assistance I-800-253-1301, toll-free, hours If concerning operation, or service, first If You Assistance Service If further to Consumer Assistance calling, to know and You this information the and plate included below to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. Purchase
Instructions the instructions or heatin the the or or the or fire with the the its Instructions. The as this The roperly connected to supply and grounded. @WARNING: To reduce the of of the the o the properly, The @CAUTION: things children the Chil or while or where the use.They should to or of the They or the or properly. To reduce the of fire, to or when using the follow including the following: heating or of and heating though they and of become to burns. or clothing or other heatin or they to Other of the such as the the the the and the enough to burns.
wear or when the hey I? and otholders. or pothol from potholder heating or cloth potholder. It catch fire. heat They The and or near the The and/or fire the the without the and to with or other of these of I! or fire. *Select with that about the as the If than the of the heatin bno:he,l~~~.n~,9,~~t~~~~~e cooking efficiency. cook- to the of ass-ceramic, earthenware or other without to the high heat and and greasy that Turn other This reduce the chance of of s, and to of the the ocation while IS rack(s) cool. If while potholder heating when or or food.
Grease and cleaning *Grease allow grease to around or immediately. grease fires. Smother with or grease o uished with or, or foam-type extinguisher. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS ADO heating The and shock or fire ~DO clean heat It should to or the Clean recommended this and or of the cally recommended this other servicing should to fied technician. the supply servicing the
This section captioned of them to become with the location and appearance of and features. front Clock/Minute
This Section the Positioning and the clock the the To the cooking properly. This section information and of the turning them to You anywhere HI and OFF. The the shows which turned that heating light The SURFACE HEATING Light the when turned turned to OFF and lights OFF when or fire ON. and The The The Optional
to the the following as cooking the high then the to HI MED-HI MED MED-LO LO Select that about the as the NOTE: and efficiency, cookware that with the with rounded, warped, (such as or overheating, which the cookware and/or You however, the cookware with slightly or This cookware to the cooking Also, and with that housewares. The should straight and tight-fming Choose to heavy (thick- ness) that lightweight. RECOMMENDED USE To foods To to To To or cakes. and icing. To cook amounts of To food cooking higher To food to The or affects heat from the through the and heat the Choose that the cooking should of heat- and securely attached to the Product If the of the enough or too the Prolonged of incorrect to the and surrounding areas. To cooking HI and to or which The overheat and the or
canning information To the Also, which the and which than inch properly centered, heat and to the the Too heat and the with This reduces the the high. heat to lowest to heat reflection. To the of the batches canning Positioning and with the the top of the food the foods: and cakes, breads, yeast breads, cakes, racks, and third from FOOD RACK POSITION or from from or from Optional canning The of water-bath or combined with high heat of the of and to the If to the canning, the of Canning the from Whirlpool or authorized WhirlpooPM service NOTE: recommended when chart rack(s) location turning the rack(s) If rack(s) while potholders or to to follow the coukf
around the the heat to reach of the This the that directly the other. allow to inches of around each and and walls. There of inch only the the following as to where to the One the of the corners of the Three or four corners each directly another. to catch from or the the below the with the food. Turn and about inch around than the holding the food. cover the with It reduce and cooking or with or other Shock and allow to the heating to follow this shock or fire and to the
the clock and the to the clock. and clockwise clock shows the of the Turn clockwise to OFF. The clock the when the The or the It to hour. You hear when the NOTE: the when the or when the and turning the the clock Without the counterclockwise the the Without the back to the the sound. To the the hand to OFF.
the rack(s) properly turning the To front and further information, Positioning and the Selector to BAKE. the to the The OVEN HEATING Light The preheated when the OVEN HEATING Light first off. NOTE: preheat when roasting or cooking items such as food the roasting, the and off to the The OVEN HEATING Light and off with the NOTE: The top heat red. the years of though properly to cook or than If, using the of with the them following these
Turn the to the off straight off and the locking screws the the of the notches. To the and the tooth notch counterclockwise. Each notch about 5F To the and the tooth notch clockwise. notch about 5F the locking screws and the the properly turning the that the of the food least inches from the chart the and food the the to the Stop about inches The the Selector and to BROIL. The OVEN HEATING Light NOTE: preheat when both the Selector and to OFF. The OVEN HEAT- ING Light off. Notches _T- screws
Custom If food cooking too fast, the counterclock- the OVEN HEATING Light off. If the food to from the the 170F and 325F and 163C). These allow the heating to and to The the the the and foods that cook The Selector BROIL NOTE: the partly whenever using the to This allows the to chart RACK POSITION FROM BOlTOM TYPE OF FOOD/ DONENESS and thin thick or searing food, and and chops, and whole
the and They to and grease from the cooking to or fire. to chart cookbook the from the when the food. the the heated Although the cooking of the the cooking efficiently. to when cooking with straight and tight-fitting Match the to the with of or to cooking Preheat only when recommended and the shortest food higher heat then or off to retained heat cooking when the instead of the when meat the from the Meat too to the or catch fire To grease or Also, covering the with of grease fire. If used, to with Grease then and Turn the the heat cooking and to of the cooking cakes, or when to right cooked Preheat the than necessary. the of the the to cook food, to cook the of the also. preheat when roasting or cooking items such as clean heat reflection.
The and from the through the right You cook the or food while the The the NOTE: the If the right potholders when become enough to from to or fire. The You the to to the and to of the when the the Empty of and straight to the first front and to the back slightly and the the of the both of front and clear white front to clear and closed. and
The The apply too force or to the without the properly secured. To the the to the to with screws. the Instructions further To the to the attached with screws to the the the the back of the the the from to cleaning or service. Instructions further Optional If would to the of to white or of these from Whirlpool The include easy instructions. White *To reduce of with properly with or optional mounted If cleaning or service, that to follow the Wall Rear
Caring This Section Cleaning chart and The light Removing the ease of You cleaning with items found around Cleaning whenever or to OFF and the and operating and Removing off and cool and bowls. the of the the enough to clear the and the to burns or shock.
the straight from the the Cleaning chart cleaning instructions. off and cool and bowls. the with the and the
the as as with the the the the the as as the of the the The the from around. NOTE: heat back to the the They catch they clean, they heat and If of enough, or too the of the heat thats to or around and heats the This heat
front of toth front corners the both and the to from the the to the and the with heavily areas. To the from both while the back to them. the the Removing the to the and Shock OFF and the cool to burns or shock. the to the first the both and the To the corners of the the of the hinges. the evenly. The only when the correctly. Product
Cleaning chart the following to of and thoroughly. and or cleansers. They the OR finish. and and and thoroughly. (other than cleaning or off. Chrome and each PART WHAT TO USE HOW TO CLEAN Turn to OFF and straight and from Warm, and and and thoroughly. and and thoroughly. and thoroughly. or cleansers. They the of the to OFF. Appfy to towel. heavily areas. or cleansers. They the finish. NOTE: allow containing (such as or to the finish. or when cool. and thoroughly. Clean or cleansers.
cavity WHAT TO USE PART and OR Warm, and and heavily OR heavily or while cooking cool. with the cleaner. and thoroughly. access. and with access. newspaper to Follow with the cleaner. with clear well-ventilated allow cleaners to the heating heat thermostat or of the of or slightly than the cooking to catch NOTE or to cover the roasting HOW TO CLEAN
The light The light when the Light Switch the and light and to the turned OFF the light to shock or *The when the The cover protects the from and from high cover of to To the light: or supply. the cover the back of the screwing counter- clockwise. the light from its the with ance the cover screwing clockwise. or the supply. and
If You Assistance This section to the of service of this section their and actions to each and what to or service. or service, please Consumer Assistance and and the purchase tion of the This infom-ration properly to Performance often from things and without of Please the chart below the of service PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE The the Nothing with with The The Selector Turn the Selector to BAKE or BROIL. turned to BAKE or BROIL. The household or household or tripped. You turning turn to household blown household or or tripped. The Turn the to to Turn to OFF and the the Replacing turning The correctly. to
what expected SOLUTION POSSIBLE CAUSE The The too or too high. The preheated as the The tested or from The the type or recommended the There around when The cooking the or the used. tions.) the the Preheat tested from to cookbook recommended type and Allow YZ to inches of of There of inch cooking with smooth, that the used.
If Whirlpool Consumer Assistance telephone toll-free from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory operation from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Assistance Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include If service Whirlpool of autho- WhirlpoolSM service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and after-warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer or phone directory WASHING MACHINES BANOR, SERVICE REPAIR DRYERS SERVICE REPAIR WhIrlpool Applhma or WhIrlpool AppUarces or Authorized Authorized Whirlpool Service If FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and right, they to the exacting specifications to To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
LENGTH OF WARRANTY WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FULL ONE-YEAR FSPQ and to WARRANTY or workmanship. Service From of Purchase authorized WhirlpoolSM service WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service Correct the of to house or house light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the D. to caused fire, acts of or of Whirlpool. E. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSE- QUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the Assistance or Service section of this or Service, found Consumer from anywhere telephone the U.S.A. PART NO. Corpomtbn Printed USA. ESTATE Warranty