Instructions If instructions using ONLY and recently or the dishwasher. recommended dishwasher. Properly to electricity and items and that the heater and the they to or HYDROGEN GAS IS the DISHWASHER MUST BE EXPLOSIVE. To or ELECTRICALLY GROUNDED. DO NOT children or the the Instructions dishwasher. dishwasher, dishwasher DO NOT reach the below the and allow to that the the heating This allow and its and cooled least the while dishwasher, Dishwasher or the the to If or suffocation. dishwasher attempting to REMEMBER, dishwasher DO NOT dishwasher service. the to properly dishwasher cool, DO NOT or the and the WHERE CHILDREN CANT dishwasher or racks. of this or other REACH IT. The fire or DO NOT with You loads. dishwasher the amount of electricity and as If the Light whenever The and than the Normal when Allow (overnight). to To reduce the of fire, shock, or when dishwasher, follow including the following: to or DO NOT items SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS correctly Incorrect and the to rewash or of the normally dishes. the recommended amount of without to the DO NOT or or other dishwasher off-peak hours. this to heavy of of and efficiently through the of dishwasher. that the dishwasher cleaned Burned-on however, should cleaned hand.
Dishwasher TUD5000Y (shown) TUD3000Y TUD2000W shelf Water Heating and options TUD2000W) Select options to heavily If the HEATED DRYING Option Selector loads. (The pushed, the dishwasher based this heated the of the Select the to WASH with the The If the ENERGY SAVER Option Selector Wash-Rinse-Rinse+Wash-Rinse-tRinse- pushed, the dishwasher Rinse-Dry-Off heated. this option to (overnight) and items (such as plastics) shown) Access and right The this slightly from dishwasher They to the of the covered this NOTE: include the shown. dishwasher Instructions dishwasher. Properly the top and racks, and and the to nothing from turning freely. when closing and latch. dishwasher Turn off. Starting dishwasher NOTE: If the latched, hear and as the each This and the dishwasher. If with the unlatched. Select option. (Select ENERGY SAVER when the Select other options that or Option Selector the Selector the and Turn the clockwise to to the You each The dishwasher that
and options TUD3000Y) cleaning of cooked-on or baked-on foods. HEAT DRY selected this the POTS PANS Selector and the to POTS PANS with the The Wash-Rinse-Rinse-Wash Rinse-Dry~-Off Normal loads. (The based this the HEAT DRY Option or ENERGY SAVER DRY Option Selector and the to NORMAL WASH with the The Wash-Rinse-Wash+Rinse--+Rinse+ Rinse-Dry+Off and options TUD5000Y) Option b&tons cleaning of cooked-on or baked-on foods. the POTS PANS Selector and the to POTS PANS with the The Wash-Rinse-Rinse+Wash-Rinse-Rinse+ Normal loads. (The based this the NORMAL WASH Selector and the to NORMAL WASH with the The &Wash-Rinse-Rinse Rinse-Dry+Off Light light to loads. the HEAT DRY or ENERGY SAVER DRY Selector and the to LIGHT WASH with the The +Wash+Rinse-Rinse-Rinse+Dv+Off items to washed or about IO Select the to RINSE HOLD with the the ENERGY SAVER DRY Selector (HEAT DRY food to dishes). The Light light to loads. the LIGHT WASH Selector and the to LIGHT WASH with the The Rinse-Wash-Rinse-RinseARinse+Dry+Off items to or about Select the to RINSE HOLD with the the ENERGY SAVER DRY Selector (HEAT DRY food to dishes). The Heat selection If the HEAT DRY Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated the of the selection If the ENERGY SAVER DRY Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated. this selection to (overnight) and items (such as plastics) Heat option If the HEAT DRY Option Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated the of the option If the ENERGY SAVER DRY Option Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated. this option to (overnight) and items (such as plastics)
To with than To the item and rinsed, the LIGHT WASH. the to and the Dont the the the and the the seconds the dishwasher to This reduce the amount of that from the when restarting the Loading Preparation It to them the dishwasher. and of food and bones. The food of the flushed as the to Dishwasher and cleaning cleaning instructions. reached from rotating arm. Water to off completely to items reach Top The top and items. and cleaning and top only. items the them the to lightweight items and other items each other dishwasher operation. Press the to The dishwasher from where stopped. with than You anytime the to the and the Turn the clockwise to the items only the top items Dishwasher recommended. items the items the force of the them the bowls, and other the top shelves the right and of the top items bowls, to items. NOTE: To other items. the properly the the from LIGHT WASH to NORMAL WASH or POTS PANS, released. covered section of Normal or Press to The dishwasher the Items with cooked-on or food should the with facing to the and other items of arm. freely. items they or cover the tower. Securely heavily cookware bowls, and facing the items directly tower. sheets, cake and other items or back. Loading items front from reaching NOTE: or items the with front.
the while or of the The should the front of the and they items each section of the with together. reach items. and items-baby bottle section. What type of to dishwasher only. Other too and too to the dishwasher. of dishwasher amounts of If and phosphorus or to or with higher phosphorus or higher). ready to Fresh dishwasher tightly closed cool, The Cover covered section both sections a/one with with washes The section with cover and without. both sections with washes and the covered section with the latched. the section the dishwasher when the closed. The covered section when the NOTE: It cover to when The cover when the To from items these items items to The amount of to the of If too used, clean. too to or county or both sections to top or or or or both sections to to or to or both sections to to or to
the with greatly the of off of them the from and as amount of released the the of each the to The of the clear when E the when the and the empty. The ounces of this about months. You to the to the dishwasher when the the the of the If This the dishwasher, Clean with cloth. the and tightly closed. NOTE: dishwasher to to or cleaning and should least 140F (60C). To supply: 140F (60C) heater. To turn the dishwasher. as as then with or meat thermometer. If the the below 135F (57C), the heater thermostat operating To thumping and operation: lightweight items the and or with the rotation or cover the tower. they another. NOTE: dishwasher to through dishwasher dishwasher only the to items dishwasher or these the following items: its bright, appearance and to the and the of the dishwasher Colored TIPS: If washed the dishwasher directly front of where with causing and Follow cleaning instructions. with cleaning instructions. Hand-painted, and to high and the dishwasher. NOTE: items should washed the dishwasher. TIPS: allow to each other. the dishwasher Then with the of the to and from to high and when washed the dishwasher. NOTE: items should the dishwasher. TIPS: top only. to items the to reduce amount of force of reaching glassware from arm. the shortest Flatware: and foods and flatware allowed to the and items washed dishwasher. This caused reaction of with the flatware dishwasher The flatware with heat causing the to off the dishwasher. hand. TIPS: flatware as as to washed right Dishwasher finishes. hand. and build-up with The seasoned the dishwasher. Rusting TIPS: hand. To re-season, with and heat hour or Plastics: plastics Dishwasher written them. plastics heat and or TIPS: If only. Drying without heat protection. Non-stick washed the dishwasher. TIPS: Follow instructions. items crack and or their finish. TIPS: boards, or with the dishwasher. or and TIPS: To its with
Dishwasher Cleaning cleaning or least the heating to cool to of cloth or and that necessary, to the of dishwasher and clean. white to the beneath the To interior: Apply dishwasher to to or dishwasher and with Wear type of cleanser other than dishwasher foaming or and the to reach collected from the with or towel. the to
Common PROBLEM CAUSED BY SOLUTION to capacity. and dishwasher with highest phosphorus to To and items rotating freely to freely from Water should least Water enough 140F (60C). heater thermostat to higher Not enough or dishwasher with highest phosphorus with Old dishwasher tightly closed cool, ready to dishwasher. and glassware reaches and items properly. items. items from reaching the instructions Drying without heat Drying without heat of and with heat. and as without heat. items. white the dishwasher through
CAUSED BY SOLUTION PROBLEM only fresh dishwasher Old items tightly closed cool, ready to dishwasher. the Dishes instructions Black items lightweight they with scouring and cleanser. the top or glassware only. them. and or Water enough Water should least Dishes clean 140F (60C). heater thermostat to higher dishwasher Not enough or with highest phosphorus with Water should least Water enough 140F (60C). heater thermostat to higher If Water dishwasher other while dishwasher properly (to Water should least Water enough 140F (60C). heater thermostat to higher and glassware reaches and items properly. items. Drying without heat Allow when without heat, or with heat. items and glassware reaches and items properly. items. items from reaching
CAUSED BY SOLUTION PROBLEM rotating freely to Dishes freely from Too the first of of the amount of dishwasher with Iron or Temporary Dishes of dishwasher dishwasher yellow or dishwasher and to when the of the to to of crystals (usually and to or to supply. -OR- flatware-stainless or Not enough or dishwasher with highest with Old fresh dishwasher tightly cool, ready to dishwasher. Water dishwasher If properly other while dishwasher (to If other while dishwasher (to and properly to and overload. Allowing or foods such as or products to flatware. with Undissolved with flatware flatware. flatware that to hours Clean items with and re-wash. DO and flatware the Direct these to the
CAUSED BY PROBLEM SOLUTION tarnish with tarnish off. Exposed replated. Water of dishwasher Dishwasher completed Allow dishwasher to and from of dishwasher and the of the house. The located the or the top of the counter the dishwasher to the of from the the dishwasher to The NOT of the dishwasher and NOT covered the dishwasher warranty. The should to of the dishwasher.
You Service If operating the to what the might OPERATING PROBLEM CHECK IF WHAT TO DO Dishwasher properly connected to Dishwasher or with the Dishwasher Water the dishwasher the covered White appears front of Dishes as as expected Household blown or tripped. Water turned of tightly closed and securely latched. correctly following and/or The completed. clogged. Clean The properly. The dishwasher and without The completed. the to finish. Too used. recommended amounts of to reduce foaming and building and build-up. of empty. greatly service to dishwasher to supply. or to dishwasher. within If the service. Press should and freely. Press to release. the to finish. amount of the with the the front. with fresh.
THIS PAGE LECT BLANK
THIS PAGE
If You Assistance, Service If service, first the You Service section of this You Service, found Consumer Assistance telephone If Whirlpool Consumer Assistance telephone free from anywhere the U.S.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, service necessary, service If write to: Director of Consumer Relations Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include EsTATEDkhWa&Wwarranty DWE15 LENGTH OF WARRANTY FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase LIMITED NINE-YEAR WARRANTY Through Tenth Year From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: the of the dishwasher. to the dishwasher. house or house or B.Repairs when dishwasher other than single-family household C. and This to repaired the to dishwasher caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. F. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or TM SM Service of Whirlpool Corporation Whirlpool Corporation Printed U.S.A. If service*... nationwide of authorized WhirlpoolSM SERVCE service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and after-warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance or telephone directory If FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR and to or workmanship. Service authorized WhirlpoolSMservice FSP of the DURAPERM TM and/or should they to to or workmanship. Whirlpool APPLIANCES HOUSEHOLD MAJOR -SERVICE REPAIR OR ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES MAJOR. REPAIRING PARTS OR WASHING MACHINES, DRYERS IRONERS -SERVICING WHIRLPOOL APPLIANCES AUTHORIZED WHIRLPOOL SERVICE SERVICE COMPANIES XYZ SERVICE CO right, they to the exacting to To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action. please of purchase, and of the This information to to