Instructions If using ONLY and the dishwasher. recommended dishwasher. recently (usually or Properly to electricity and items and that the heater and the they to or HYDROGEN GAS IS the DISHWASHER MUST BE EXPLOSIVE. To or ELECTRICALLY GROUNDED. Read DO NOT children or the the Instructions dishwasher. dishwasher, dishwasher DO NOT reach the below the and allow to that the the heating Thls allow and its and cooled least to or DO NOT items the while it dishwasher, Dishwasher or the the to If or suffocation. dishwasher to REMEMBER, dishwasher DO NOT dishwasher service. only the to properly:in DO NOT or or other dishwasher cool, DO NOT or the and the WHERE CHILDREN CANT dishwasher or racks. of this or other REACH IT. You loads. dishwasher the amount of electricity and as when Allow (overnight). to To reduce the of fire, shock, or when using dishwasher, follow basic Including the following: The fire or DO NOT with SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS correctly Incorrect and the to rewash or of the normally dishes. the recommended amount of without to the dishwasher off-peak hours. this to heavy of of and efficiently through the of dishwasher. that the dishwasher cleaned Burned-on however, should cleaned hand.
Dishwasher TUD3000W (shown) Water Heating and options TUD2OOOW) to heavily loads. (The based this Select the to WASH with the The Wash+Rinse+Rinse+Wash+Rinse+Rinse+ Rinse+Dry+Off Select options If the HEATED DRYING Option Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated the of the If the ENERGY SAVER Option Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated. this option to (overnight) and items (such as plastics) II shown) Access and right The this slightly from dishwasher They to the features of the covered this NOTE: include the shown. dishwasher Instructions dishwasher. Properly the top and racks, and and the to nothing from turning freely. when closing and latch. dishwasher Turn off. Starting dishwasher NOTE: If the latched, hear and as the each This and the dishwasher. If with the unlatched. TUD2000W option. Turn the clockwise to to WASH. The dishwasher the TUD3000W using option. (Select AIR DRY the Drying options Option Selector Turn the clockwise to to the the POTS PANS Selector The dishwasher that
and options TUD3OOOVV) cleaning of or baked-on foods. The Heat Option selected this the POTS PANS Selector and the to POTS PANS with the The Wash+Rinse+Rinse+Wash-+Rinse+Rinse+ Rinse+Dry+Off Normal to heavily loads. (The based this the HEAT DRY Option or AIR DRY Option Selector and the to NORMAL WASH with the The Wash+Rinse+Wash+Rinse-+Rinse+ Rinse-+Dry+Off LIGHT WASH light to loads. the HEAT DRY Option or AIR DRY Option Selector and the to LIGHT WASH with the The Loading Preparation necessary to them the dishwasher. and of food and bones. The food of the flushed as the to Dishwasher and cleaning cleaning instructions. reached from rotating arm. Water to off completely to items reach items to or about Option only. Heat Option food to dishes. Select the to RINSE HOLD with the the AIR DRY Option Selector The Drying options the HEAT DRY Option Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated the of the the AIR DRY Option Selector pushed, the dishwasher heated. this option to (overnight) and items (such as plastics) To TUD3OOOW) To the item and the LIGHT WASH. Items with cooked-on or food should the with facing to the and other items rotation of arm. freely. items they or Securely heavily cookware the to and the Dont the the the and the the seconds the dishwasher to This reduce the amount of that from the when restarting the Press the to The dishwasher from where TUD3OOOW) You the to the and the Turn the clockwise to the the properly the the from LIGHT WASH to NORMAL WASH or POTS PANS, released. covered section of Normal or Press to The dishwasher the bowls, and facing the items directly tower. sheets, cake and other items or back. Loading items front from reaching NOTE: or items the bottcm with front.
Top The top and items. and cleaning and top only. items the them the to lightweight items and other items each other dishwasher operation. What type of to dishwasher only. Other too and too to the dishwasher. of dishwasher amounts of phosphorus If and or to or with higher phosphorus or higher). ready to dishwasher tightly closed cool, The wtired bec(ion both sections washes The section with cover and without. items only the top items Dishwasher recommended. items the items the force of the them the bowls, and other the top the while or of the The should the front of the and they together. reach items. both sections with washes and the covered section with the cover latched. the section the dishwasher when the closed. The covered section when the NOTE: It cover to when The cover when the to The amount of to the of too used, clean. too to or county or both sections to top or or or or both sections to to or to or both to hardnessis to.49rains or to items each section of the with and items-baby bottle section. items the with greatly the of dlshes flow off of them the from and as amount of released the the of each the to If The of the clear when E the when the and the empty. The ounces of this about months. You to the to the dishwasher when the the the
of the This the dishwasher, Clean with cloth. the and tightly closed. NOTE: dishwasher to to or Dishwasher Cleaning of cloth or and that necessary, to the of dishwasher and clean. white to the beneath the To Apply dishwasher to to or dishwasher and with Wear type of cleanser other than dishwasher foaming or The cleaning as To clean least the heating to cool to burn and the forward:-(Removebottom to reach collected from the with or towel. the to cleaning and should least 140F (60C). TO supply: 40F (60C) heater. To the dishwasher. as as then with or meat thermometer. If the the below 135F (57C) the heater thermostat operating To thumping and operation: lightweight items the and or with the or cover the lower. they another. NOTE: dishwasher operation to through dishwasher dishwasher the to items dishwasher or these the following items: its bright, appearance and to the and the of the dishwasher Colored TfPS: If the dishwasher directly front of where with causing and Follow cleaning instructions. with cleaning instructions. Hand-painted, and to high and the dishwasher. NOTE: items should washed the dishwasher. TIPS: allow to each other. the dishwasher Then with the of the to and from to high and when washed the dishwasher. NOTE: items should washed the dishwasher. TIPS: top only. to items the to reduce amount of force of reaching glassware from arm. the shortest Flatware: and foods tarnish and flatware allowed to the and plate items dishwasher. This caused reaction of with the flatware dlshwasher The flatware with heat causing the to off the dishwasher. hand. flatware as as to washed right Dishwasher finishes. hand. and build-up with Iron The seasoned the dishwasher. Rusting TIPS: hand. To re-season, with and heat hour or Plastics: plastics Dishwasher written them. plastics heat and or TfPS: If only. Drying without heat protection. Non-stick the dishwasher. TIPS: Follow instructions. items crack and or their finish. TlPS: boards, or with the dishwasher. or and TIPS: To its with
Common SOLUTION PROBLEM CAUSED BY to capacity. and dishwasher with highest phosphorus to To and and as without heat. items. white the dishwasher through to items rotating freely freely from Water should least Water enough 140F heater thermostat to higher Not enough or dishwasher with highest phosphorus with fresh dishwasher Old tightly closed cool, ready to dishwasher. and glassware reaches and items properly. items. items from reaching the instructions Drying without heat Drying without heat of and heat.
CAUSED BY SOLUTION fresh dishwasher Old items tightly OXI, (continued) ready to dishwasher. the Dishes instructions Black items foading lightweight they dishes. with scouring and cleanser. or glassware the top only. them. and or Water enough Water should least Dishes 140F (60C). heater thermostat to higher dishwasher Not enough or with highest phosphorus with Water should least Water enough 40F (60C). heater thermostat to higher Water dishwasher other while dishwasher properly (to Water enough Water should least 140F heater thermostat to higher and glassware reaches and items properly. items. Drying without heat Allow when without heat, or with heat. items and reaches and items properly. items. items from reaching
PROBLEM Dishes Too the first of of the amount of dishwasher with Temporary Dishes of dishwasher Iron or dishwasher or dishwasher and to when the of the to to of crystals and to or to supply. Allowing or foods such as -OR- or products to flatware-stainless flatware. or rotating freely enough or dishwasher with highest phosphorus with only fresh dishwasher Old tightly closed cool, ready to dishwasher. Water dishwasher other while dishwasher properly (to other while dishwasher (to and properly to and Undissolved with flatware flatware. CAUSED BY SOLUTION to freely from flatware that to hours Clean items with and re-wash. and flatware the Direct these to the
CAUSED BY PROBLEM SOLUTION off. Exposed tarnish with replated. Water of dishwasher Dishwasher completed Allow dishwasher to and from of dishwasher and the of the house. The located the or the top of the counter the dishwasher to the of from the the dishwasher to The NOT of the dishwasher and NOT covered the dishwasher warranty. The should clean to of the dishwasher.
You Service operating the to what the might OPERATING PROBLEM CHECK IF WHAT TO DO Dishwasher properly connected to Dishwasher or with the Dishwasher Water the dishwasher the covered White appears front of Dishes as as expected blown or tripped. Water turned of tightly closed and securely Press latched. correctly following and/or The completed. clogged. Clean The properly. The dishwasher fresh and without The completed. the to finish. Too used. recommended of to reduce foaming and building and build-up. of greatly service to dishwasher to supply. or to dishwasher. within If the service. should and freely. Press to release. the to finish. amount of the with the the front. with fresh.
If You Assistance, Service service, first the You Service section of this You Service, found Consumer telephone If Whirlpool Consumer Assistance telephone free from anywhere the U.S.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, service necessary, service write to: Director of Consumer Relations Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include phone LENGTH OF WARRANTY WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY FSP@ and to or workmanship. Service authorized WhirlpoolSM service From of Purchase LIMITED NINE-YEAR WARRANTY Through Tenth From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: Correct the of the dishwasher. to the dishwasher. house or house or B.Repairs when dishwasher other than single-family household and This to repaired the to dishwasher caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. warranties. F. Repairs to or caused to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or TM SM Service of Whirlpool Corporation Whirlpool Corporation Printed U.S.A. If service*... nationwide of authorized WhirlpoolY SERYICE service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and after-warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer telephone or telephone directory If FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and FSP of the DURAPERMW and/or should they to to or workmanship. Whirlpool APPIJANCES -HOUSEHOLD MAJOR -SERVICE REPAIR OR ELECTRICAL APPUANCES MAIOR REPAIRING PARTS OR WASMNG MACHINES. DRYERS IRONERS SERVICING WHIRLPOOL APPLIANCES AUTHORIZED WHIRLPOOL SERVICE SEHVICE XYZ SERVICE CO right, they to the exacting to every USIA To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer or Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action. please of purchase, and of the This information to to