service TUD4700, TUD5700 UNDERCOUNTER DISHWASHER about features, operation/performance or service, and service, or www.estateappliances.com LAVE-VAISSELLE ENCASTR www.estateappliances.com Table of Contents/Table
TABLE OF CONTENTS DISHWASHER SAFETY Dishwasher....................................................4 PARTS AND FEATURES................................................................5 START-UP GUIDE New Dishwasher Dishwasher DISHWASHER LOADING..............................................................7 Loading Loading Top Rack........................................................................7 Loading Rack..................................................................8 Loading DISHWASHER USE........................................................................9 Dishwasher Efficiency Selection Charts...............................................................10 Canceling or Items Option Selections.......................................................................11 Drying Protection WASHING SPECIAL ITEMS.........................................................12 DISHWASHER CARE Cleaning the TROUBLESHOOTING ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE.........................................................15 the U.S.A. WARRANTY TABLE DES MATIRES LA SCURIT DU LAVE-VAISSELLE PICES ET CARACTRISTIQUES GUIDE DE MISE EN MARCHE CHARGEMENT DU LAVE-VAISSELLE UTILISATION DU LAVE-VAISSELLE...........................................23 Addition protection LAVAGE DARTICLES SPCIAUX ENTRETIEN DU LAVE-VAISSELLE.............................................28 DPANNAGE.................................................................................29 ASSISTANCE OU SERVICE.........................................................31 GARANTIE
and the of others this and and This the This to that or and others. follow the and the DANGER or WARNING. These what the to reduce the chance of injury, and what the instructions followed. DISHWASHER SAFETY You or seriously immediately follow instructions. You or seriously follow instructions.
Dishwasher dishwasher completely Doing serious or Shock Electrically ground dishwasher. ground to ground cord. to follow these instructions death, fire, or shock. where dishwasher protected from the Protect to of covered the warranty. the Dishwasher section winter information. and dishwasher that the and its and from hoses and (such as the the Instructions information.
PARTS AND FEATURES This covers The dishwasher purchased or of the and features below. Third shelves Water Heating Top and and protection
TUD4700 TUD5700 dishwasher, this and You information and operating New Dishwasher Scrape food and items (toothpicks or bones) from dishes. Properly the dishwasher. Dishwasher nothing the arm(s) from freely. and the Dishwasher START-UP GUIDE closed. The automatically. the dishwasher the Dishwasher Efficiency Tips.) Turn off Select the Dishwasher Select the option. Option Selections.)
Dishwasher You dishwasher the slightly. the action to Then the the the to the OR Turn the clockwise hear the dishwasher completely. the Turn the to DISHWASHER LOADING Loading food, bones, toothpicks and other items from the dishes. It to the them the dishwasher. NOTE: If items such as and the might hear or sounds. These sounds items (such as screws) the the or It the to reach they or to from and with the rotation. to to them such as and cooked cereals to they to of operating To thumping/clattering operation: lightweight items the racks. and sheets, or with the of the arm. they another. NOTE: built-in closed dishwasher to through The top and items. recommended shown.) NOTE: The features dishwasher from the shown. cover third arrow. items cleaning and and top only. The and and the tines. them the to To other items. and other items each other dishwasher operation. lightweight items another or them with dishes. items securely the top only. items dishwasher bowls, and other the top rack. the section shelves the the top to or items such as and Loading Top and
Loading The and Items with cooked-on or food should with facing to the recommended shown.) NOTE: The dishwasher from the shown. cover tower. arrow. or items the items the only they bowls, and facing to the the of loads. and the of their and securely the of tines. the reach cake and other items the and back. Loading such items front the from reaching the and heavily cookware the and other items of the arm(s). The arm(s) freely. items the and the of the dishwasher they might the NOTE: If the or cleaning, with the front. Loading the while the or the counter or NOTE: or the the to the items each section of the with and to reach items. IMPORTANT: items NOTES: or with These with each other foods (such as products, or to immediately.
DISHWASHER USE The The Pre-Wash section the dishwasher when the The section the dishwasher the the Selection Charts.) only. Other that of the dishwasher and reduce performance. tightly closed cool, dishwasher cleaning. NOTE: with the If the cover closed, the cover the latch. the section with How to the cover. the Pre-Wash section It the cover to when NOTE: both sections with washes. the covered section with the Selection Charts to The amount of to the of and the type of If too clean. If too Water of or county of dishwasher amounts of phosphorus If and with phosphorous of than might to or with phosphorous higher than Cover section Cover Pre-Wash section Where to Water Amount of Soft to Water to to Water to NOTE: amounts shown Amounts or Follow instructions the when dishwasher or from that as or They allowing to off of the the releasing amount of the the dishwasher to or Checking the the of the Clear the If E the empty. Top of tbs or Top of tbs or Top of tb or normally the section to the top of the tbs or the Pre-Wash section to the top of the tbs or NOTE: tb or of to both sections or the to heavily the section to the top of the tbs or the Pre-Wash section to the top of the tbs or normally and heavily the section to the top of the tbs or the Pre-Wash section to the top of the tbs or OR
the The of this about three months. You to the to to to the dishwasher completely the to the the of the the to and Clean with cloth. the tightly. Dishwasher Efficiency and activates the grease and spot-free. should 120F (49C) as the dishwasher. Loads as the too Water that too to and to function. If heater located from the dishwasher, it to the the to the dishwasher to the amount of the To the to dishwasher least or meat thermometer the the thermometer as the the To and them the dishwasher. or whenever These and than to dishwasher off-peak hours. heavy of of the dishwasher This reduces heat the the option whenever Allow (overnight) when these to or options that heat to the or of the when dishwasher with loads. the dishwasher If with to the dishwasher the of the as this to performance. Select the If the latched, hear the and as the each This and the dishwasher. If the with the unlatched. NOTE: the Heat option with the with switch: Turn the to the with buttons: Press the Turn the to the To Only, and the to Only. shows what each or of the shown. Water shown U.S. includes POTS PANS Water Water Selection Charts this hard-to- clean, heavily-soiled and tableware. both this with heavy food and baked-on or food. both
this both with heavy food Water this with amounts of food (The based this Water this dishes, and that washed right Water Canceling You Turn the clockwise hear the dishwasher completely. the Turn the to or You anytime the to the Turn the clockwise. the They properly the NOTE: Turning the the covered section to and release the the covered section the both the The dishwasher both with this Items You item the or the reaches Normal the to the the action to the the and the the seconds the the dishwasher to This reduces the amount of from the when restarting the The dishwasher the You option anytime the selected option unheated option Heat Select this option to without heat. Heat when that to high The to and items (such as plastics) NOTE: this option. Heat option with other Select this option to heat to the the or Normal This food Select this option to dishwasher or off-peak hours. To the the Select and option. Press the Turn the clockwise to the of hours the dishwasher to the The dishwasher the the selected of hours. You items while the counting and the The the unlatched. Option Selections
NOTES: To the the to the and the Normal Drying through the the of the This as the heat dishes. IMPORTANT: The the Protection The protection the front right of the dishwasher the dishwasher from It the dishwasher to the that the from or WASHING SPECIAL ITEMS If about with the to dishwasher Dishwasher High and of throwaway the dishwasher. These might and to and other items. Bottles and bottles and hand. attached with and the or and reduce performance. Iron Seasoning and Dishwasher Stoneware hand-painted, or over-the-glaze or of leaded with repeated Gold-colored flatware yellows with repeated dishwasher Hollow-Handle of attached to the with which washed the dishwasher. High and or the finish. Plastics withstand high and Plastics Plastics their to withstand high and plastics top only. immediately. Prolonged with food containing products, or finish. or Plate immediately. Prolonged with food containing or and seafood) finish. Can hand. instructions Untreated crack, or its finish.
DISHWASHER CARE Cleaning the of cloth or and that to the of dishwasher and clean. Cleaning the white to the beneath the the dishwasher cooled. Wear type of cleanser other than dishwasher foaming or To with dishwasher and clean. OR dishwasher and with OR the and dishes Troubleshooting. NOTE: with cleaning the interior. Cleaning the The cleaning as To clean the the or the to reach the collected from the with or towel. the with the facing the NOTE: clean the dishwasher cooled. Cleaning the dishwasher isnt or the of built-in dishwasher and the If clogged, the protects dishwasher from The located top of the or the dishwasher. To or the U.S.A., the Customer Interaction and NOTE: The that of dishwasher. The warranty with dishwasher cover service directly associated with the cleaning or of the To clean the Clean the to of dishwasher. Follow the cleaning instructions the With types, off the cover. Unscrew the Then Clean necessary. the Protect dishwasher the months turning off the supply and supply to the dishwasher. dishwasher Protect dishwasher and to If dishwasher seasonal or exposed to dishwasher winterized authorized service TROUBLESHOOTING First try the and possibly
Dishwasher the protection to and freely? Press to release. Water the dishwasher the the covered section of the the the necessary. the properly with the the to the and Features section. the necessary. White the front of the too used? to the section. the of to reduce foaming and the dishwasher washed or once or the dishwasher as and dishes this Troubleshooting the counter (built-in the dishwasher with the countertop? from the the dishwasher the counter. to the Instructions information. Dishes completely clean Food the the dishwasher correctly? to the Dishwasher section. the too should 120F (49C) as the dishwasher. to the Dishwasher Tips section. the amount of fresh recommended dishwasher only. to the section. than tb fresh to effective. cool, and/or caked fresh only. allow to hours Clean when caked the or from bottles and If bottles and dishwasher, the or arm. the high enough dishwasher should to to dishwasher the supply too high the arm? or recommended dishwasher only. Dishwasher the backwards? The the dishwasher and and or there high Conditioning the with and the the too should 120F (49C) as the dishwasher. to the Dishwasher Efficiency Tips section. the amount of effective recommended dishwasher only. to the section. than tb fresh to effective. cool, and/or the high enough dishwasher should to to dishwasher the too NOTE: To and from dishes, white This only. and too often dishwasher. and dishes. or option. or items. white or dishwasher-safe the the dishwasher through or option. with the or cloudy there water/chemical reaction with of This usually caused of or overloading the dishwasher, and the heat of It might to the To this amount of than tb and the dishwasher to allow thorough and and heated White cookware with the dishwasher cookware seasoning? Reseason cookware the dishwasher. and dishwasher high Rewash of crystals to the covered section of the Follow with with If treatment often than every other month, the of recommended.
Black or items items the dishwasher and these items. cleaner. or dishwasher amounts of tomato-based foods the dishwasher? of heated fading. dishwasher performance. of and or option reduce the of Dishes completely Dishes dishwasher to allow to the Dishwasher section. to the plastics Plastics the empty? to the section. or option? heated option dishes. Dishes of the dishwasher properly? the and they and together from action. the and slowly. NOTE: feather-edged and of and might too dishwashing. hand. crunching or sounds the the ground the sound should ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE or service, please Troubleshooting. It the of service If follow the instructions below. calling, please know the purchase and the and of This information to to If If to that FSP factory specified These right and right they with the to every ESTATE the U.S.A., the Customer Interaction or service or service the Customer Interaction free: with: and specifications of information. and procedures. Accessory and (Spanish hearing impaired, to and service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the Whirlpool service telephone directory further If further write to with or Brand Appliances Customer Interaction MI Please include Whirlpool Inc. Customer Interaction free: to (EST). (EST). with: and of to Warranty information. service Whirlpool Inc. service technicians trained to the warranty and after-warranty service, anywhere further If further write to with or Whirlpool Inc. Customer Interaction L5N 3A7 Please include phone the U.S.A.
ONE-YEAR FULL WARRANTY year from the of purchase, when this dishwasher operated and to instructions attached to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP and to or workmanship. Service Whirlpool service TEN-YEAR FULL WARRANTY ON DURAPERM TUB OR INNER DOOR years from the of purchase, when this dishwasher operated and to instructions attached to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP and the DURAPERM or from or workmanship. Service Whirlpool service Whirlpool Corporation Service to the of dishwasher, to to dishwasher, to house or house or Repairs when dishwasher other than single-family household from fire, acts of installation, with and or of products Whirlpool Corporation or operated the United States and and This to repaired the Repairs to or from unauthorized to the or who areas. WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND WHIRLPOOL CANADA INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. or allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to the United States and this warranty apply. authorized to another warranty If service, first Troubleshooting. Additional found Assistance or Service, or Customer Interaction from anywhere the U.S.A., or write: Brand Appliances, Customer Interaction Road, MI service Whirlpool Inc. this and together reference. You of purchase or in-warranty service. the following information about dishwasher to or service You to know and You this information the and located as shown and Features. ESTATE DISHWASHER WARRANTY Purchase
Nous tous conformer. Tous DANGER AVERTISSEMENT. AVERTISSEMENT Tous instructions. AVERTISSEMENT instructions recomman- hors manche toucher LA SCURIT DU LAVE-VAISSELLE DANGER IMPORTANTES INSTRUCTIONS DE SCURIT CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS instructions. instructions. tous tout Sous LHYDROGNE EST UN GAZ EXPLOSIBLE.
appuyer instructions instructions section plancher tous bouchons capuchon instructions INSTRUCTIONS DE MISE LA TERRE fiche AVERTISSEMENT incorrecte service fiche borne CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
toutes PICES ET CARACTRISTIQUES protection protection
TUD4700 TUD5700 tous charger GUIDE DE MISE EN MARCHE OU
On tout fin OU Tourner bouton horaire Tourner bouton CHARGEMENT DU LAVE-VAISSELLE REMARQUE Charger toutes charger toutes daspersion. touchent rotation Charger touchent REMARQUE boucher REMARQUE Charger touchent Coincer On section Charge Charge
Charger REMARQUE d'aspersion. charger charger Charger charge Charger service Charger Charger Charge Charge daspersion. REMARQUE Charger charger REMARQUE tombent Assortir section IMPORTANT charger REMARQUES charger touchent charge
UTILISATION DU LAVE-VAISSELLE section Section Enclenchement Section section performance marche. REMARQUE section section REMARQUE sections section type service phosphore phosphore phosphore REMARQUE instructions charges section section REMARQUE sections charges section section charges section section
Un taches bouchon bouchon E bouchon Un tout bouchon active 120F (49C) charges OU thermomtre thermomtre Normal. services publics options section charges marche performance bouton bouton REMARQUE Tourner bouton touches Appuyer touche Tourner bouton appuyer tourner bouton Only.
inclut ordinaire POTS PANS charges taches charges sections Con- mation sections Con- mation sections Con- mation II Tourner bouton horaire Tourner bouton Off/Arrt. tout Soulever Tourner bouton REMARQUE Tourner bouton section section senclenche. charges sections Con- mation Con- mation
tout bouton Normal action marche senclenche. option tout appuyer option tout Heat option charges REMARQUE option. Heat option tous Wash/lavage option Normal option marche Appuyer Tourner bouton horaire bout bouton REMARQUES marche bouton Normal IMPORTANT toucher protection protection
LAVAGE DARTICLES SPCIAUX affecter finition Non Non performance Non recommandations recommandations Non Non manches Non finition. Non recommandations Charger finition. finition. Non Non recommandations finition.
ENTRETIEN DU LAVE-VAISSELLE aspect OU OU section REMARQUE REMARQUE commander dinteraction REMARQUE fournie service instructions types, capuchon service
DPANNAGE service... A-t-on Un marche, service protection Appuyer section section A-t-on section tous charge instructions section 120F (49C) section A-t-on section charge. s
A-t-on section charge. REMARQUE taches option tous option charge. charger fond. blanches section recommande Place-t-on tomates? taches. taches naffectent performance formation taches, option
ASSISTANCE OU SERVICE service, section service. instructions commander recommandons FSP ESTATE dinteraction service service dinteraction Assistance service service Whirlpool fournir service service Whirlpool toute Brand Appliances
GARANTIE DU LAVE-VAISSELLE ESTATE GARANTIE COMPLTE DE UN AN dachat, instructions fournies Whirlpool Corporation FSP correction fabrication. service Whirlpool. GARANTIE COMPLTE DE DIX ANS DE LA CUVE DURAPERM ET DE LA SURFACE INTRIEURE DE LA PORTE dachat, instructions fournies Whirlpool Corporation FSP DURAPERM service Whirlpool. Whirlpool Corporation instructions Whirlpool Corporation hors charge WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION ET WHIRLPOOL CANADA INC. NE SERONT PAS RESPONSABLES DES DOMMAGES FORTUITS OU INDIRECTS. fortuits indirects; marchand service, section On section Assistance service, dinteraction Brand Appliances, Customer Interaction Road, MI service Whirlpool Inc. service service information section Whirlpool Corporation. rights of Whirlpool, U.S.A., Whirlpool Inc. Tous Whirlpool, U.S.A., Whirlpool Inc. marchand dachat____________________________________________________ Printed U.S.A. .-U.