W10073430 Table of TUD6710S, TUD6750S UNDERCOUNTER DISHWASHER about features, operation/performance, or service, or www.estateappliances.com
DISHWASHER SAFETY Dishwasher....................................................4 PARTS AND FEATURES................................................................5 START-UP GUIDE New Dishwasher Dishwasher DISHWASHER LOADING..............................................................6 Loading Loading Top Rack........................................................................7 Loading Rack..................................................................7 Loading DISHWASHER USE........................................................................8 Dishwasher Efficiency Selection Charts...............................................................10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Canceling or Items Option Selections.......................................................................11 the Plate Warmer Drying Protection WASHING SPECIAL ITEMS.........................................................12 DISHWASHER CARE TROUBLESHOOTING ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE.........................................................15 WARRANTY
this and and This the This to that or and others. follow the and the DANGER or WARNING. These what the to reduce the chance of and what the instructions followed. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS WARNING: using the dishwasher, follow including the following: instructions the dishwasher. the dishwasher its function. only or recommended dishwasher, and them of the reach of items to washed: items that they to the and with the to reduce the of cut-type items they dishwasher or the items the the heating or the dishwasher properly DISHWASHER SAFETY and the of others DANGER WARNING SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS You or seriously immediately follow instructions. You or seriously follow instructions. with or the or of the dishwasher. To reduce the of allow to or the dishwasher. that or HYDROGEN GAS IS EXPLOSIVE. If the such the dishwasher and the flow from each This release the or this the or to the when dishwasher from service or
dishwasher completely Doing serious or Shock Electrically ground dishwasher. ground to ground cord. to follow these instructions death, fire, or shock. where dishwasher protected from the Protect to of covered the warranty. section winter information. and dishwasher that the and its and from hoses and (such as the the Instructions information. Dishwasher WARNING WARNING GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS grounded, cord-connected dishwasher: The dishwasher grounded. the of malfunction or breakdown, reduce the of shock of least The dishwasher with and grounding The that and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING: of the of shock. with or service whether the dishwasher properly grounded. the with the dishwasher; the permanently connected dishwasher: The dishwasher connected to grounded or grounding with the conductors and connected to the or the dishwasher. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
A. B. Water C. D. PARTS AND FEATURES C E. Heating F. Top G. and H. I. J. K. protection L. M.
dishwasher, this and You information and operating New Dishwasher Scrape food and items (toothpicks or bones) from dishes. Properly the dishwasher. Dishwasher nothing the arm(s) from freely. and the Dishwasher closed. The automatically. the dishwasher the Dishwasher Efficiency Tips.) Turn off food, bones, toothpicks and other items from the dishes. It to the them the dishwasher. The food from the The which reduce the of food items. NOTE: If items such as and the might hear or sounds. These sounds when items the items (such as screws) the It the to reach they or to from START-UP GUIDE DISHWASHER LOADING Loading Select the Dishwasher Select the option. Option Selections.) You dishwasher the slightly. the action to Then the the the to the OR Turn the clockwise hear the dishwasher completely. the Turn the to and sheets, with the rotation. to to them such as and cooked to they to of operating To thumping/clattering operation: lightweight items the racks. and or with the of the arm. they another. NOTE: built-in closed dishwasher operation to through Dishwasher
Loading Top The top and items. recommended shown.) NOTE: The dishwasher from the shown. items cleaning and top only. The and the tines. them the to and other items each other dishwasher operation. items the top only. items dishwasher recommended. items the force of the them the To other items. bowls, and other the top the section Loading The and Items with cooked-on or food should with facing to the recommended shown.) NOTE: The features dishwasher from the shown. and or items the items the they bowls, and facing to the the of plates loads. soup, and the of their and securely the of tines. the reach sheets, cake and other items the and back. Loading such items front the from reaching the and heavily cookware the and other items of the arm(s). The arm(s) freely. items the and the of the dishwasher You the NOTE: If the or cleaning, with the front. the while the or the counter or NOTE: or the the to the Loading
items each section of the with and to reach items. The The Pre-Wash section the dishwasher when the C The section the dishwasher the Selection Charts.) only. Other that overflow of the dishwasher and reduce performance. tightly closed cool, dishwasher cleaning. NOTE: selected the If the cover closed, the the cover latch. the section with to the Pre-Wash section Selection Charts.) the cover. The the to the to The amount of to the of and the type of If too clean. If too Water of or county DISHWASHER USE A. B. section C. D. Pre-Wash section IMPORTANT: items NOTES: or with These with each other foods (such as products, or to immediately. Where to Soft to Water U.S. [typical and city Pre-Wash Lightly soiled/Pre- [top of [top of Normally [top of [top of Heavily [top of [top of to Water U.S. and city Pre-Wash [top of [top of NOTE: amounts shown Amounts or should the section of the with the cover closed. Follow instructions the when using dishwasher or IMPORTANT: Selection Charts which sections to with each Top of or Top of or Top of or
from that as or They allowing to off of the the releasing amount of the the dishwasher to or Checking the the of the Clear the If E the empty. the The of this about months. You to the to to to the dishwasher completely the to the the of the the to and Clean with cloth. the tightly. and activates the grease and spot-free. should 120F (49C) as the dishwasher. as the too Water that too to and to function. If heater located from the dishwasher, to the the to the dishwasher to the amount of the To the to dishwasher least or meat thermometer the the thermometer as the the Additional efficiency To and and them the dishwasher. or whenever These and than to dishwasher off-peak hours. heavy of of the dishwasher This reduces heat the the option whenever Allow (overnight) when these options. to or options that heat to the or of the when dishwasher with loads. the dishwasher If with to the dishwasher the of the this to performance. Dishwasher Efficiency
Selection Charts Press the Turn the to the If the latched, hear the and as the each This and the dishwasher. If the with the unlatched. To and the to NOTE: the option with the shows what each or of the shown. where heat The as the heats. Water shown U.S. includes the the might the of the the dishwasher. The cooler the the the If the already enough, the as shown. this hard-to-clean, heavily and tableware. both Water 140F (60C) 140F (60C) this heavily loads. both Water 140F (60C) 140F (60C) Normal this with amounts of food (The based this covered section. Water Light this or lightly loads. covered section. Water this dishes, and that washed right with this Water amount of through the to You Turn the clockwise hear the dishwasher completely. the Turn the to 140F (60C) Canceling
or You anytime the to the Turn the clockwise. the They properly the NOTE: Turning the the covered section to and release the the covered section the both the The dishwasher Items You item anytime the or the reaches Normal the to the the action to the the and the the seconds the the dishwasher to This reduces the amount of from the when restarting the The dishwasher the Option Selections You option. If RESET OPTIONS to the option off. Select option You option the selected option unheated option anytime the dishwasher the options and the options the options or RESET OPTIONS. Select this option to heat the to 140F (60C) the This option heat and Heating the NOTE: The this option. option with the and Normal This option with the Light Select this option to without heat and The to and items (such as plastics) NOTE: The dishwasher the the dishwasher the of the Dry. Select this option to option You option anytime as as the the where the option used. anytime the reaches Dry. Press RESET OPTIONS. Press or options. Hours Hours to dishwasher or off-peak hours. You items to the the countdown. items, the The countdown the latched. To the the Select and option(s). Turn the clockwise to the of hours the dishwasher to the NOTES: To the the to the and the Normal delayed. the Plate Warmer to or NOTE: the option. and the Turn the to Plate Warmer. Allow the to heat the dishware. Turn the to through the the of the This as the heat dishes. IMPORTANT: The the The protection the front right of the dishwasher the dishwasher from It the dishwasher to the that the from or the Plate Warmer Drying Protection
If about with the to dishwasher Dishwasher High and of throwaway the dishwasher. These might and to and other items. Bottles and bottles and hand. with and the or and reduce performance. Iron Seasoning and Stoneware hand-painted, or over-the-glaze or of leaded with repeated Gold-colored flatware yellows with repeated dishwasher Hollow-Handle of to the with which washed the dishwasher. WASHING SPECIAL ITEMS Dishwasher High and or the finish. Plastics withstand high and Plastics Plastics their to withstand high and plastics top only. immediately. Prolonged with food containing products, or finish. or Plate immediately. Prolonged with food containing or and seafood) finish. Can hand. instructions Untreated crack, or its finish.
Cleaning the of cloth or and that to the of dishwasher and clean. If dishwasher recommended. Cleaning the white to the beneath the the dishwasher cooled. You to wear type of cleanser other than dishwasher foaming or To with dishwasher and clean. OR dishwasher and clean with OR the and dishes Troubleshooting. NOTE: with cleaning the DISHWASHER CARE Cleaning the anytime dishwasher isnt or the of built-in dishwasher and the If clogged, the protects dishwasher from The usually located top of the or countertop the dishwasher. To or or service and information, Assistance or Service. NOTE: The that of dishwasher. The warranty with dishwasher cover service directly associated with the cleaning or of the To the Clean the to of dishwasher. Follow the cleaning instructions the With types, off the cover. Unscrew the Then Clean necessary. the Protect dishwasher the months turning off the and supply to the dishwasher. dishwasher Protect dishwasher and to If dishwasher seasonal or to dishwasher winterized authorized service
First the and possibly the of service Dishwasher operating properly Dishwasher or the closed tightly and latched? the right selected? to the Selection Charts. there to the dishwasher? household or tripped? the or the If the the to The within If service. the turned Dishwasher the protection to and freely? Press to release. Water the dishwasher the the covered section of the the the necessary. the properly with the the front? to the and Features section. the necessary. White the front of the too used? to the section. the of to reduce foaming and the dishwasher washed every or once or the dishwasher as and dishes this Troubleshooting the counter (built-in the dishwasher with the countertop? from the the dishwasher the counter. to the Instructions information. Dishes completely clean Food the the dishwasher correctly? to the Dishwasher section. the too should 120F (49C) as the dishwasher. to the Dishwasher Efficiency Tips section. TROUBLESHOOTING the amount of fresh recommended dishwasher only. to the section. than tb to effective. cool, and/or fresh only. allow to hours Clean when caked the or from bottles and the high enough dishwasher should to to dishwasher If about licensed, plumber. high the arm? or recommended dishwasher only. Dishwasher the backward? The the dishwasher and and or there high Conditioning the with and the the too should 120F (49C) as it the dishwasher. to the Dishwasher Efficiency Tips section. the amount of effective recommended dishwasher only. to the section. than tb fresh to effective. cool, and/or the high enough dishwasher should to to dishwasher If about licensed, plumber. NOTE: To and from white This only. and too often dishwasher. and dishes. or option. or items. white or dishwasher-safe the the dishwasher through or option. with the
or there water/chemical reaction with of This usually caused of or overloading the dishwasher, and the heat of It might to the To this amount of than tb and the dishwasher to allow thorough and and heated White cookware with the dishwasher cookware seasoning? Reseason cookware the dishwasher. and dishwasher high Rewash of crystals to the covered section of the Follow with with If treatment often than other month, the of recommended. Black or items items the dishwasher and these items. using cleaner. or dishwasher amounts of tomato-based foods the dishwasher? of heated dishwasher performance. of and or option reduce the of or service, please Troubleshooting. It the of service If follow the instructions below. calling, please know the purchase and the and of This information to to If If to that FSP These right and right they with the to every ESTATE To FSP or service the Customer free: with: and specifications of information. and ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE Dishes completely Dishes dishwasher to allow to the Dishwasher section. to the plastics Plastics the empty? to the section. or option? heated option dishes. Dishes of the dishwasher properly? the and they and together from action. the and slowly. NOTE: feather-edged and of and glassware might too dishwashing. hand. crunching or sounds the the ground the sound should If the service. Accessory and (Spanish hearing impaired, to distributors, and service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the Whirlpool service telephone directory further If further write to with or Brand Appliances Customer MI Please include
WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION MAJOR APPLIANCE WARRANTY ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY from the of purchase, when this operated and to instructions to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation or Whirlpool LP Whirlpool) Factory and to or workmanship. Service Whirlpool service This warranty when the the country which purchased. ITEMS WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR Service to the of to to to or house or to house or Service to or light or Those from warranty coverage. Repairs when other than single-family household from fire, acts of installation with or or of products Whirlpool. food to or or operated the United States or and This to repaired the home. Repairs to or from unauthorized to the and service locations. The and of it location or with published instructions. or when the country other than the country which purchased. DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE PRODUCT REPAIR AS PROVIDED HEREIN. IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW. WHIRLPOOL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS, SO THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR PROVINCE TO PROVINCE. the United States and this warranty apply. authorized Whirlpool to another warranty If service, first the Troubleshooting section of the Troubleshooting, found checking the Assistance or Service section or Whirlpool. the U.S.A., this and together reference. You of purchase or in-warranty service. the following information about to or service You to know and You this information the and located the W10073430 Whirlpool Corporation. rights of Whirlpool, U.S.A. Printed U.S.A. Purchase