CE DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY OF MACHINES (Directive 89/392/EEC, II, B) FAAC Address: that: A.K.A. (USA) built to integrated or to assembled with other machinery to the of Directive 89/392/EEC, and 91/368/EEC, 93/44/EEC. Conforms to the of the following EEC o 73/23/EEC and 93/68/EEC, 89/336/EEC and 92/31/EEC and 93/68/EEC. o the prohibited to service the machinery the which integrated or of which become and as conforming to the of Directive 89/392/EEC and DPR of July Director A. Attention! To the of that the following instructions. Incorrect or incorrect of the serious to the instructions to the these instructions reference. This and built strictly the indicated the other indicated the of the and/or of FAAC caused or other than that which intended. the atmosphere; the of or serious to The mechanical to the of EN and EN countries, to of the to regulations. FAAC to the of the closing to of that The to EN and EN The of the C+D. attempting the and the The supply of the with switch with of or of 6A thermal recommended. that switch with threshold of of the that the earthing perfectly constructed, and of the of the to The with anti-crushing consisting of Nevertheless, its threshold as specified the indicated The (EN mechanical such as crushing, and shearing. of least indicator-light FAACLIGHT 12VDC) recommended as as to the to the FAAC as and of the FAAC used. strictly FAAC. the of the The supply information concerning of the of emergency, and to the the with the allow children or to the while operating. or other from to the from activated ily. through the allowed when the The of or action whatever and only. short-circuit the of the and to recharge the with supply other than or cards. throw exhausted other them the to them to specified these instructions the obligations
Summery of Functions The only to Class Class I: (or of one-to-four family or or associated therewith. The FAAC and built vehicle access. other The swing-leaf gates with of to length. It consists of locking 12V DC battery, coupled with recharging the battery. The SLAVE the MASTER to which and connected. The MASTER and to the following: function self-learning) and and the of the anti-crushing The when the operating. release the to of This and its Direct Inc. and based the instructions written FAAC, this information while service and warranty
The of to locating section. strongly studying every of the instruction SECTION: of specifications, and charging Mounting Pre-Learning force, Specifications of the and IMPORTANT: Charging Battery to IMPORTANT: Setback Clearance of Mounting and Arm and Mounting temporary Arm and the and LED Chart Complete Learning
The of to locating section. studying every of the instruction SECTION: Troubleshooting with or Although these as please the Every to the of Trouble Shooting and Flow Charts Accessory
MODEL 115V AC/ 12V DC Rated (W) Static Force (N) Load-free (in./sec.) of CANNOT BE MODIFIED Consecutive Battery recharge each to weight Protection IP to to below
The to the right recommended Other and flash- light indicating recommended To and efficiently operating the follow- The and automated. that the sufficiently and and its and to those indicated the smoothly without friction the gates or length. the and The the ground with This of and and Photocells included) board included) included) flashing included) AC Notes: and/or wires the as AC that the This interference
A. B. Arm C. Mount Bracket D. Mount E. F. G. Mounting Release H. A. B. Arm C. Mount Bracket D. Mount G. Mounting Release
Wrench to the anchoring Head Screw- Other items that to items to and or Although the FAAC recommended to and manently the of the of the of the and to to supply and the Redheads, Screws and shields, or other anchoring to the to the the type of to the to the to the to or Watertight wires the and to If to outlet to weatherproof that outlet and or covers obtained from to both the and Head Screwdriver
ATTENTION: Study the board and this section thoroughly to the turn off and the battery. of the covered from and (push-buttons, receivers, To sheaths or shielded (with earthed shield). LED ON and LED P1 Function push-button P2 push-button F1 Battery and F15A J1 J2 J3 J4 Battery J5 ON and LED F1 Battery and F15A J2 board J3 board J4
of the the board hours. This anywhere there
Charge the to the of the with the right of J2 the and of the with the of the NEVER CONNECT POWER FROM ANY SOURCE DIRECTLY TO THE SLAVE BOARD. The ONLY connected to the board. the charge hours, both the and the battery. You with the process. From ONLY Charging
The setback to of of the mounting The setback allows the to and and closing The of this to and of the to the following this
closed gates choosing to them. closing the should the using as the to the right. The closed the ground taught closing the to as below. This the the mounted the of the the following mounting the ate the to the from the installations the the and to the and to the the back of the the ness. of of
or thing straight, where the closed of the gates Then from the of that the inch. This where the the mount to the to the right) NOTE: this This though the reached their of the the inch further turning the of the Manually release the this the o the top, the release and turning the With the the mounting to the of the using the and the of the the and the the while the inch This the mounting the attaching the to relock the operation.
The mounted arm. The the back of the shortened or lengthened. location least off the ground to and mounting The located four corners of the them and the to the There three the of the that of the as as of through the the of the and tight. board. If locating tight 1-800-640-GATE
The the of the easily straight the to from the board. It right off. back when finished with
to function properly to the learning process. should NOT the learn-
On the as with the and from the board. the board to the board wire. This the and to length. MUST with the RIGHT of J2 the board, MUST with the LEFT of J2 the board. J3 This to the to the board both the and IMPORTANT: Follow the chart DO NOT EXTEND OR SHORTEN THE OPERATOR ARM WIRES. polarity of the wires connecting the and board. This to both boards and
the the MASTER board, located the battery. the white the receiver. the white from the the FAAC board with the switches of the facing from the of the board. the Switches the switches the switch- them the or Record this switch off the cover of the (located the front cover) the switches the to the as the switches the receiver. this of the Positioning the the to around the back of the board and the of the battery. switches located the
The Unit with AC The AC screw the to (polarity You the to from the board with or age the the section the (J2) the board. The wires interchangeable and and The from the only, directly to the the wire. 110VAC directly to the This the board. the the board. The clear J4 with the the The other of the clear that the to Red, Black to the wires the the with the the wires, second, the the AC The weather and covered covers from 1-800-640-GATE The light (P) the and tery connected properly. If the light then only the connected, POWER LIGHT POWER INPUT BATTERY INPUT
the following factory such as force, and the pressing P1. Pressing P1 A,B,C,D or A, B, C, and with the the chart the following the would to the of P2 to the of that P2 the light to or which with the the chart below the following Below what each A: Switches Function Function of actions that when accessory or of actions to increased or other. B: Switches the amount of the closing reaching selecting EP and the C: Switches the amount of the motion when and closing or gates apply to D: Switches the amount of force the obstruction and the E: Switches the of the motion. This the and the following LED Chart the with the or With this function the to with the Board. Press and P1 then and P2 LED flashing. P2 from LED to LED to the as below: LED LED NOTE: The of the to the
Function LED C LED Definitions Function flow chart found the the It the higher and of the AP to (A) higher amount of It increased amount of motion EP to function to off the Seconds Seconds Seconds Seconds Closing Static Force High High High High Function Pressing P1 through the switching to the LED, Pressing P2 through the
P1 to light A-E While the steadily, P2 about seconds. The the process. P2, the once each of the following motion the with the The then and to OR Press P2 to the motion and to Press P2 to teach With the P2 Without P2 Press
the with the The then and OR using Press P2 to the motion and the motion of the Press P2 to teach tion With the P2 Without P2 Press P2 to teach closing
the with the closed or closing of arm. closing. the with the or closing of arm. Press P1 to the learning You with Press P2 to teach closing tion
of accessory inputs. The the to the of the board inputs. To this function: off (both and numbered) P2 The of the accessory the following chart shown the LED ON Closed LED OFF finished P2 to If the LED active and then the to OFF. WARNING: the input function with the P1 active and to and the the light The light function. There Steady light indicating ON and the Flashing (lights every second) the Flashing (lights every of second) Light OFF and battery. Normal Operation LED lights LED ON OFF OFF function OFF C ON C Stop Command ON ON Closing OFF ON Opening/closing Opening/closing Motion and or Motion and or Motion and or connected. Motion or connected. or connected. or connected. connected.
If that connected. terminals closed terminals and connected to the function. Secondary recommended and FAAC, choose to the obstruction featured the board terminals to or mounted correctly, IF the setback off there enough to the the LED steady. LED The should hours the learning process. that the polarity of the correct. the should connected to the and connected to the right the polarity Push-To-Open Operation. the to the It tested or with the of the the force the highest. the force to high. the If the heavy and to too quickly, the of the the off the the to the from the mounting the with the off the If the greased hinges, and weight/length from the easy. the from the mounting as the would. If or the lights that the board and the board cover and snapped shifting board and cover that the activation buttons (P1, P2)
If the LED (P) flashing slowly. This the and too of the or the than the hours. should 13V without connected. If reading 13V to to charge. charging from the reading immediately and then Please the to to reading of the batterys charge. If the LED (P) flashing The and enough to the light seconds the which the motion. It immediately back to The too to ready to This that the increased from too the of charge. If the the force the highest. the force to high. the If the heavy and too the of the of the off the obstruction the to the from the mounting the with the off the If the greased hinges, and weight/length from the hand easy. the from the mounting as the would. the lights, the flashing when the If the light flashes charge. If the inches of NOTE: The and closed the the without and the least the force the highest. the force to high. the If the heavy and too the of the the of the off the the to
the from the mounting the with the off the If the greased hinges, and from the easy. would the from the mounting as the would. the lights, the flashing only when the If the light flashes charge. the the light the the light steady. The charge the light steady, recently charging the and the might chance to charge. the (Section CDE and should The off. If off then the with the to the and the polarity of the (Section If accessory to the which terminals to. ONLY the accessory to the information as the first shooting topic If the the information as the first shooting topic If If memory of and the back and the light to steady. the Stop/Start Learning (Section the setback. This the memory process. technical reached AM to PM, 1-800-640-GATE
the It the the This with the and of activation of activation Closed and Closed and and re-closing and re-closing Closing motion and interruption Closing motion and of motion of motion higher and of the of activation of activation Closed and Closed and and re-closing and re-closing Closing the of motion the of motion the of motion the of motion of activation of activation the the of activation of activation the the seconds the the of of interruption of interruption of motion of interruption of of of motion of interruption of of interruption of
AP AP to (A) higher amount of It increased amount of motion of activation of activation Closed and Closed and and re-closing and re-closing Closing of motion Closing of motion operation motion and operation motion and EP EP to function to At the to EP of activation of activation Closed and and re-closing Closing operation of motion Closing of motion operation of motion of motion motion the of activation of activation operation the the of activation of activation the the motion the previously of of of of motion of interruption of of interruption of motion of of of interruption of
Normally Closed function. The accessory only found the board. Card Function This normally where receiver) which, closing and/or both there the Function This normally where receiver) which, closing and/or closing the the board Stop Command This normally closed where which, IMPORTANT: If tion from this to of the terminals motion This normally closed where photocells, which, there the they to closing. If the tripped when the closed, they the IMPORTANT: If from this to of the terminals
Card Closing This normally closed where photocells, which, there the they closing, to If the closing tripped when the they the IMPORTANT: If from this to of the terminals closing This the and board. It the and to the the this with with the right of J2 the board, with the of J2 the board. polarity of the wires the and board! This to both boards and the ranty. 24V that 24V DC while the motion. Light with this grounds the light. To operation of the the indicated (12V The light and The flashing closing. with this grounds the flashing To of the the indicated (12V the motion, the flash. This 12V to the light, to the ground) and constantly sory (when connected to ground 12V DC. (12V Negatives Interchangeable terminals with and
connecting the photocells (or other to the type of to the to protected. Devices: They the and, therefore, they protecting the the and (walls, the of and crushing. Closing Devices: They the closing and, therefore, tecting the closing the of Opening/Closing Devices: the the and closing and, therefore, they protecting the and closing the of If or the function or closing) they connected to each other Normally Closed the used. of
Accessory and found the www.EstateSwing.com/accessories The accessory or the written to with that of To terminals the accessory section of The following and found Normally N/O Indicates that operation of the this the to function. This the buttons, Normally Closed N/C Indicates that the to active this closed. this the motion of the This the Common COM This the matching both Normally and Normally to connected to. Accessory that N/O or N/O that Common Ground GND or GRD known as Common the as Ground Ground the of the with If both N/O and N/C wire, both the as or crafters NIR If as the N/O and as the N/C