Instruction the E-S C Instructions
CE DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY OF MACHINES (Directive 89/392/EEC, II, B) FAAC that: A.K.A. (USA) built to integrated or to assembled with other machinery to the of Directive 89/392/EEC, and 91/368/EEC, 93/44/EEC. Conforms to the of the following EEC 73/23/EEC and 93/68/EEC, 89/336/EEC and 92/31/EEC and o 93/68/EEC. the to service the machinery the which o integrated or of which become and as conforming to the of Directive 89/392/EEC and DPR of July Director A. bassi Attention! To the of that the following instructions. Incorrect or incorrect of the serious to the instructions to the these instructions reference. This and built strictly the indicated the other indicated the of the and/or of FAAC caused or other than that which the atmosphere; the of or serious to The mechanical to the of EN and EN countries, to of the to FAAC to the of the closing to motorized, of that The to EN and EN The of the C+D. attempting the and the The supply of the with switch with of or of 6A thermal recommended. that switch with threshold of of the that the earthing perfectly constructed, and of the of the to The with anti-crushing consisting of Nevertheless, its threshold as specified the indicated The (EN mechanical such as crushing, and shearing. of least indicator-light FAACLIGHT 12VDC) recommended every as as to the to the FAAC as and operation of the FAAC used. strictly FAAC. the of the The supply information concerning operation of the of emergency, and to the the with the allow or to near the while operating. or other from to the from activated ily. Transit through the allowed when the The of or action whatever and only. short-circuit the of the and to recharge the with supply other than or cards. throw other them the to them to recycled. specified these instructions the obligations
of Functions The only to Class Class I: (or of one-to-four family or or associated therewith. The FAAC and built vehicle access. other The with swing-leaf with of to length, and without the to to the tion of It consists of mechanical with and articulated-arm activation to ted to the with the The the mechanical when the operating. security of high concern. release to the the of or This and its Direct Inc. and based the instructions written FAAC, this installation. of Purchase_______________________ of Purchase______________________ this information while service and warranty
The of to locating section. strongly studying every of the instruction installation. SECTION: of specifications, and Specifications of the and of Operation, Restoring IMPORTANT: Setback to of Mounting the and Strips of Switches and Temporary the Arm(s) and and the Chart
The of to locating section. strongly studying every of the instruction SECTION: and Troubleshooting LED Lights and Table of Troubleshooting and with or Although these as please the Every to the installation of
MODEL E-SC 115V AC/ 24V AC Rated 120V AC Specifications to Gearmotor Protection IP44 to to weight below velocity base-plate Release wrench Release Gearmotor Straight of Curved of coupling
(If Applicable) Housing Wall Mounting Plate Release Release 24VDC Straight of Curved of Mounting Bracket or Housing Wall Mounting Plate Release Release 24VDC Straight of Curved of Mounting Bracket Screws, Screws and Washers,
and priately Wrench Head Screwdriver Anchors and Washers below) C-Ring Other items that to installation. and or Although the E-SC and with switches included), to the E-SC without switches, relying the to tions. or to to supply and the and to Heads, Screws and or another mounting and anchor to the Plate to the to the Mounting Bracket to the what anchor. If to outlet to weather- that outlet and boxes or covers obtained from to both the and to the to Watertight wires the Head Screw- Measure
to learn from and It useful where as the option from operation the the wrench and approximately Turn the that below. Turn counterclockwise to clockwise to right-hand Turn counterclockwise to clockwise to lock. To involuntary activating the the locking the switch off the wrench and approximately Turn the that LLLL RRRR Restoring
This to the of the and the the driveway. the mounting plate the with the with the of the The that from the that the should the of the to the from of then IMPORTANT: Correct
The plate and right-handed or installation. There with the the and the Wall the and the (from the of the with the the Then the tor from the the to the using screws and anchoring type of or below the from the the back the and with screws, and The of
the and front coupling as shown below. assembly the as the right with the straight and as the below. the straight of the the and the screw and washer. Manually release the (From section from the mounting back from the the then temporarily the coupling from the to the mounting the mounting to the using and washers. the coupling from the mounting to the arm. If switches, the cover top of the and it using the three screws through the the back of the cover. If using switches the the when switches and wires. Then the cover as instructed the
the of the or the the to the right to mount to the or the the of the as the arm. to the each arm) The where the back- to the Other wires to the should through tors from or To mount the board, the four the board. the screws. the threaded of the screws that the of the board to the spacers. The should the back of the board and the head of the screw the front of the board with screw threading from the of the spacer; as shown the to the the top and screws the A the to the right. Gently screw the thread that from the rear of the spacer. The screws and spacers the right of the as and screwed the housing. positioning to the Mounting the and
The white the easily straight the to from the board. It right off. back when finished with
of Switches and Although the E-SC board with learning function, physical used. This with switches included) included) or both. These learning. If operating physical the with the of the and closing Mounting the switches the the top of the the the switches with the the top of the Manually release the arm. CLOSED DOOR LIMIT SWITCH the the closed then the the switch the switch Tighten the screw the to screw OPEN DOOR LIMIT SWITCH the the the top the switch the top switch Tighten the screw the top to switches
of to the the Switches On the switch: Common N/C CN3 COMF Common from switches FCC1 N/C Closed Switch FCA1 N/C Switch FCC2 N/C Closed Switch FCA2 N/C Switch
the highest of the with Normally Closed This that the to these terminals closed through (recommended) or with Temporary the these terminals to (COM) the process. It recommended to and NOTE: If the temporary the to three lights (STOP, FSW CL, FSW OP) If switches, and ONLY NOT switches, the switch terminals (FCC1, FCA1, FCC2, FCA2) and (COMF). Temporary Other ONLY IF NOT USING LIMIT SWITCHES
the CN2 the APM1 and CHM1. the CN2 the APM2 and CHM2. the learning process, to the the or RESET switch. Then the and wires, this the the right when the learning The Arm(s)
and and the the the right of the board. the white the receiver. the white from the the board with the switches of the facing from the board. the Switches the switches the switching them the or Record this switch off the cover of the (located the front cover) the switches the to the as the switches the receiver. this of the switches located the
The E-SC with 24V The screw terminals to You the to from the board using as specified below Conductor Direct Conductor Stranded Direct Conductor Direct Conductor Stranded Direct the from the the VAC terminals the (CN1). The wires there or the wire. 110VAC directly to the This the board. the with the the wires, second, the the AC The weather and covered covers from 1-800-640-GATE 12V DC as to the 24V 12V 24V them to the The light located below the +24V and 24V the connected properly. If the light off then through the functioning properly and the or The light off
this to the This and It necessary to these or tripped, they Switch the dipswitches to the of the LED as follows: the and the LED lights to the lights The should Press and P2 the shows with the that currently or previously Press P1 to the of the USE THE CHART ON THE NEXT PAGE AS GUIDE. To to the Press P2 seconds without the cally the To manually, Press P2 to through the the shows DOWN DOWN UP UP
Force Medium-low Force Medium-high Force High Force Opens/Stops/Closes/Stops... Flashing Light following Chart FORCE DELAY AUTO- RECLOSE OPEN CONDO OVER- PUSH LAMP This the of the clutch The clutch the anti-crushing when motion with This the to allow the first to and the other If using the This or off. The the This what OPEN This with users. If when the another This with The further closed to allow the to release. This to flashing or steady If the
of of High Switch Switch to Press P2 to this instructions the SOFT START/ STOP SOFT SPEED LIMIT SWITCH SINGLE OR DUAL This when the to the of and closing This the the If this this MUST whether switches or function of this MUST specify whether using or motors).
this where switches, or both) both and closing phases. the activated learn the specified FOR SAFETY this completed Release the the release process. Once released, manually the the and the the through its board showing the LED Press and P2 the LED shows the and the appear the LED OPEN command. This with wired OPEN and COM or using the You or OPEN and COM with wire. This the CLOSING DIRECTION and the LED IMPORTANT: If the to rather than the with You Touch the TWO of the JMP RESET screwdriver OR and battery) Then switch the leading APM1-CHM1 and APM2-CHM2 and then
the closing or switch reached, the seconds, and then with to the or switch. the or switch reached the the amount of would to re-closing and then OPEN or to the The then to closed and off the operation.) both of the to the and both together through the There the
LED Lights The board LED lights located their terminals that they (With of ALIM, supply light, which located below the terminals the corner.) The LED lights of Below chart of their interpretations. LED ON OFF ALIM supply supply or FCC closing switch tripped closing switch tripped FCA switch tripped switch tripped FCC closing switch tripped closing switch tripped FCA2 switch tripped switch tripped STOP Stop activated Stop activated FSW CL Closing tripped Closing tripped FSW OP tripped tripped should FCC and FCA LED lights should If using STOP, FSW CL and FSW OP to COM the to function. This when the or LED displays DS1 and DS2 the following: LED Lights At Closed or when OFF with Closing
If the through Without to the to STOP, FSW OP, FSW CL to COM CN4. If switches, FCC1, FCA1, FCC2, FCA2 to COMF CN3. the of operation. the as follows the to F1: 10A Supply, 24VAC F2: supply to and charger F3: Flashing F4: 3.15A If the inches or and or switches to the of the LED It should 1:OFF, 2:OFF, 3:ON, 4:On. If the switches off the dipswitches and then back the to Increase the force to the highest force. The force the the to If the then force to the lowest force that the correctly the setback. The setback of the to to the the If switches, switch and You switch to of the lights FCC1, FCA1, FCC2, FCA2 Whichever light Troubleshooting
If the F2 or to to both the and to off of the terminals CN1. the following: The If they the overcharged and which then and continually blow the F2 The 24V+, the polarity. The 24V+, combined of than the the the tery causing of and blowing the the batteries. If the reaches closed the learning Touch the (RST) to the the to the learning supply to of and/or age The reach the If switches: the expected Manually release the and the to the reach its physical the operation. If cant expected the setback. inch setback the setback If the the physical of increase the force to the highest force. The force the the to If the then force to the lowest force that the correctly The where the the and the the lowest. If switches: switch and You switch to of the lights FCC1, FCA1, FCC2, FCA2 light If switches to the furthest both the and the setback. inch setback the setback If the the physical of increase the force to the highest force. The force the the to If the then force to the lowest force that the correctly The where the the and the the lowest.
110V AC to the board. This to both boards and CN1 of board, and back VAC terminals The input terminals the 24V Polarity this +BAT, -BAT terminals the optional batteries. The 24V DC. This achieved 12V operation, the the and the the through terminals VAC. polarity these terminals Accessories 24V should attached to these terminals following the polarity. receiver, following
CN2 Located the of the board, these terminals the tor arm(s), (optional), and (optional). APM1, CHM1 operations these terminals the that first, operations these terminals the the arm. APM2, CHM2 operations ONLY. the that to to these operations nothing should connected to these ELS 12V of release lock. LAMP Both flashing and connected to these with of 24V DC and of W. to flashing and G. CN3 Located the of the board, these terminals switches. COMF Common to the normally closed the switches. FCC1 Normally closed This connected with the COMF through the switch. tripped the motion of the first If used, this with COMF) Closed Switch FCA1 Normally closed This connected with the COMF through the switch. tripped it the motion of the first If used, this with COMF) Switch FCC2 Normally closed This connected with the COMF through the switch. tripped the motion of the If used, this with COMF) Closed Switch FCA2 Normally closed This connected with the COMF through the switch. tripped the motion of the If used, this with COMF) Switch ENC1, ENC2 NOT USED CN4 Located the right of the board, these terminals and OPEN This the normally to the motion attached to this and the COM or know as ground). OPEN This the first operations. It normally that with the COM STOP This normally closed that motion commands. If this the from this to the COM to FSW CL, FSW OP These normally closed terminals the closing (CL) and (OP) of the If this the from this to the COM to COM This or to as ground, It ALL and
connecting the photocells (or other to the type of operation to the to protected. Devices: They only the and, therefore, they protecting the the and (walls, the of and crushing. Closing Devices: They the closing and, therefore, tecting the closing the of Devices: the the and closing and, therefore, they protecting the and closing the of If or the function or closing) they connected to each other Normally Closed the used.
Accessory and found the www.EstateSwing.com/accessories The accessory or the written to with that of To terminals the accessory section of The following and found Normally N/O Indicates that operation of the this the to function. This the buttons, Normally Closed N/C Indicates that the to active this closed. this the motion of the This the Common COM This the both Normally and Normally Closed to connected to. Accessory that N/O or N/O that Common Ground GND or GRD Ground known as Common the as Ground the of the with If both N/O and N/C wire, both the as or crafters NIR If as the N/O and as the N/C