IMPORTANT Instructions with the homeowner Homeowner: reference Instructions inspectors
responsibility. technlcian should this everything It IS the of the to comply with the clearance the The rating IS located the the Ifllp0rtCA: II and ordinances. IS required. outlet Not the C the and Ihe NOTE Clearances specified and that of or pounds foot. of clearances to that than fhat ore shown ore clearances clearance pounds or to and sheetIn the cooking should If already reduce the of reaching heated The should of inches from the front of Ihe heated cooking serious burn. Shock It the customers responsibility: To To that the and with National ANSI/NFPA edition, and and ordinances. to fire, shock or other injury. installation: where WIII The should located I ALL OPENINGS IN THE WALL OR FLOOR WHERE RANGE IS TO BE INSTALLED IMPORTANT: Instructions inspectors supply with this through supply house. ground this of the shock. with as to whether the properly grounded. supply rated and investigated with should used. Not with fire. shock or other Not Ihe or the or grounding shock. Not the the permanently connected to the To from shock. follow fhese instructions shock. Protection Association Battery March Qurncy, only. supply (orthree-wire or four-wlre120/208-volt If speclfled the IS fused both of the [A or IS recommended IS the and of the to to that the IS and with the and and C ONLY CONNECTED WITH COPPER WIRE THE RANGE MUST BE the of -LISTED. supply This three. and matches three-wire of NEMA shown I Connectors the the the supply the The connected directly the fused or through armored or sheathed, CO& Allow or three of the thot II sewIcing UL -lIsted each of the supply fhe ihejunctlon [COPPER WIRE ONLY] and with the of the The of this to the Construction and Standards.Tltle CFR. the Construction and HUD, this IS o It to the of the IS as as It conforms to the lIsted of the from --.I phase AC three or four
IF CONNECTING TO ELECTRICAL SYSTEM This aool~once IS with connected to The ground revised the grounding of the IS connected to the sectlon. C. o of NEMA type 14.50R matching L.- listed. supply This four conductors with terminals the NEMA 14.50R the supply fourth (grounding) or cover and the white cover. Cord should SRD or SRDT with -lIsted and o least four The MINIMUM the conductors white The wring IS located the back of the F. The IS located the back of the A-wire (14.SOP, With and other from the operating or from or and that IS corners I from the top of another Reoeat with other corners the back of to off Its back the corners from the first to the front to back. If the the from the the leas or and wrench to four the back the IncludlnQ that and protective from cover located back of C Knock-out If to connected directly to fused or o the the supply through the enough to easily the to the Grounding If U.1:listed, supply used: the the supply cord. o I the the SUDDIV through the bllowing enough to easily the to the the factory already the ring-type terminals to the supply. To the supply cord, the to below the the tight. This with connected to the If and Not grounding through Ihe o four-wire supply cord, and used. C. the (white) to the screw the other to the outer screws the ring-type terminals only. with the atiached to the DO Not factory-installed already the terminol.Check that tight to and screws locking of the cover. To reduce the of the the properly with the the Instruction sheet to the to to coveting. supply shown. If the home, MUST the to the of the IS OS as It conforms to the the A. back posItIon. that the the the or satisfactory the screws or the supply the
each HI- the of the and lights the of the the to BAKE. the to The should and the light should The should become red. The light off when the preheated. the of the the and to BROIL- The top should and the light should C this and whenever tlon reaulred. II connected to fused or the the supply through the allowIng enough to the to the If U-L.-listed, SUPplY used: the the SO- supply o U.L -lIsted the the supply through the allowing enough to easily the to the the factory already the the grounding-llnk screw from the the grounding screw. the grounding that It C the grounding to the using the grounding screw The grounding attached first and other screws the (white) to the screw the the other wares to the the ring-type and securely the thot to the Not the foctory- already the that the tight the screws or the and screws of the con&It the cover. to and to the easy reference. To the from and Instructions
If that the tripped or the that supply Printed U.S.A WI Whirlpool Corporation Whirlpool Corporation,