MODEL TGRGIWZB TO THE INSTALLER: PLEASE LEAVE THIS INSTRUCTION BOOK WITH THE UNIT. TO THE CONSUMER: PLEASE READ AND KEEP THIS BOOK FOR FUTURE REFERENCE. PART NO. STANDARD-CLEANING GAS RANGE to You Instructions and If You Assistance or Service Warranty with or
to You Thank ESTATE@ ESTATE the functionality of To that years of trouble-free operation, this and It of information about to and properly and Please Also, please and the Ownership Card with This about information to This warning and Please to these and follow instructions of the of the Consumer Assistance toll-free, hours If concerning operation, or service, first If You Assistance or Service If further free to Consumer Assistance calling, to know and You this information the and plate included below to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. Purchase This to such as fire, shock, burns, and further information, The ALL RANGES CAN TIP. INJURY TO PERSONS COULD RESULT. INSTALL ANTI-TIP DEVICES PACKED WITH RANGE. SEE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS.
Instructions thoroughly tested and operation. as with there and which to and satisfactory operation. WARNING: If the information this exactly, fire or causing death, injury, or property or or other and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: to light switch; phone Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service service agency, or the or the with the The The properly connected to the supply and The properly connected to and grounded. and their to and from combustion. to these or Properly READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS shock, to or when the including the following: follow basic with rather than tion. with or further things children might the Children or while or where the They should allowed to or of the They or the or properly.
the or heating the or or fire to light the to the off the of the its as this or of and of become enough to burns. and or clothing or other burners, or of they to Other of the such as the the the the and the and become enough to burns. wear or when the They they and burned. only or burns from or cloth It catch fire. unobstructed. heat They The burns and Follow tions, when using or or the The and/or fire the to or other of the as recommended this match or other to and where located. the the enough to food and and or and burn to cooking the of glass-ceramic, earthenware, or other without to the high heat and and greasy that
Turn other This reduce the chance of burns, of and to of the covers or the using the the rack(s) location while cool. when or or food. Grease Grease allow grease to around or immediately. grease fires, Smother covering with well-fitted or grease of guished with or, or type extinguisher. READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS and cleaninn clean heat It should to or the Clean recommended this and or of the specifically recommended this other servicing should to technician. additions, or this to satisfactorily the Whirlpool Service or Qualified Agency. the supply and the supply the the servicing the
and This section captioned of them to become with the location and appearance of and features. light switch and and of Right Right front front Hour and Clock and buttons shown)
This Section the burners.. Positioning and the clock The the The To the cooking properly. This section information and of the with ignitors. light the each they used. the and counterclockwise to the LITE The clicking sound the that To the clicking sound the lights, the to the cook The cook the anywhere HI and OFF. NOTE: the the the with the turned to LITE the that The the shows which turned that heat heat If the heat too high, Char and curling. tough and the Toughen and seafood. Scorch and custards. the
to the the following as cooking the high then the to RECOMMENDED USE SETTING To light the the LITE lights, back to To High) To food To food LO ready to NOTE: cook with the the LITE of prolonged manually lighted. match near and the to the LITE the lights, the to the To foods To to To or and icing. To cook amounts of To and To To should the of the cooking turned to OFF when to follow these fire or burns. NOTE: or which The overheat and the or cooking of cookware people. something about and the cooking NOTE: and efficiency, cook- The should straight and tight-fitting Choose to heavy (thick- ness) that lightweight. The or affects heat from the through the and heat the Choose that the cooking should of heat- and securely attached to the
should easy to clean. to there rough or where food might whether they or empty. cookware as to used. Follow instructions. This cookware should the Other as and the Positioning and with the the top of the food the foods: or from food cakes, breads, yeast breads, cakes, racks, first and third from RACK POSITION FOOD from or from canning information The of water-bath or combined with high heat of to the To which the the Too heat and the with This reduces the the high. heat to lowest to to instructions. rack(s) location turning the rack(s) If rack(s) while or to items the when and food items from Food to including and to follow the
(roasting roasting food too to with of roasting, follow these The amount of or food to the as when around the the heat to reach of the This the that directly the other. allow inches of around each and and walls. There of inch the the following as to where to the One the of the corners of the Three or four corners each directly another.
the clock the first or following the the Clock/Timer Switch to the CLOCK and the Hour the hour appears the (The only count and the the appear the the The or the It to hour, The when the the Clock/Timer switch to the TIMER The To than and release the Hour The The and holding the the shows the To than and the the shows the The when the released. the passed, the 0:OO and the continuously. the Clock/ Switch to the CLOCK to the and to the clock CLOCK TIMER HOUR MINUTE TIMER HOUR MINUTE CLOCK CLOCK
NOTE: to light the information. the rack(s) properly turning the To front and further information, Positioning and and the counterclockwise to the roasting The light seconds. preheat the food the NOTES: preheat when roasting or cooking items such as food directly the the and off to the the clockwise to OFF.
the Although properly to it cook or than If, the of with the the following these the turned to the off straight off and the locking screws the the of the notches. To the and the tooth notch clockwise. notch about 20F C). To the and the tooth notch counterclockwise. Each notch about 20F C). the locking screws and the The located below the with the closed. the and the and grease and through of the the turned food and the of the three To
and the counterclockwise to The light seconds. the clockwise to OFF. NOTE: preheat the Completely the Although the cooking of the the cooking efficiently. to when cooking with bottoms, straight and tight-fitting with of or to cooking Preheat when recommended and the shortest food higher heat then to the of the when Turn the only the heat cooking and to of the cooking cakes, or when to right cooked Preheat the than necessary. the of the using the to cook try to cook the of the also. preheat when roasting, or cooking items such as
The and from the through located of backguard. The the NOTE: plastics, or other items that or burn the or of the the ON, and the become to to burns. The The apply too force or to the without the properly secured. To the of and to If attached to with screws and each should Instructions further To reduce of with properly with If cleaning or service, that using to follow the injury.
easy You cleaning with items found around Cleaning whenever or to and operating arates off and the surrounding cool. off the the with or dishwasher. cooked-on foods. and This Section the chart Cleaning and The light the clear and free of and other and cleaners, bleach, or removers. OFF and the cool cleaning. cleaners or follow from cleaners or the flow of combustion and to follow these fire, shock, or burns.
and The and specially to cleaning the four sealed, easy and To the with and NOTE: the Doing Cleaning the The recessed located around each If section: with towel. with clean, Dry. NOTE: cleaning the or around the base, to to the If cleaning should catch the or If the or the light. cleaning the the to the from
Cleaning the The should routinely and cleaned. the and flow of and of the DO NOT ALLOW SPILLS, FOOD, CLEANING AGENTS, OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL TO ENTER THE GAS TUBE OPENING. flow freely through the the the to light properly. This free of and protected from or ALWAYS the whenever Occasionally the and as shown. If to clean the To the straight from the base. the Clean and with and You with or cleanser. or dishwasher or self-cleaning If the or the located the become or clogged, or cloth to the If clogged, with straight or toothpick. If technician service. Typical highest
cleaning the and the and without To properly and the recessed locating the and the white the base. Turn the to light. If the light cleaning, authorized Whirlpool service technician. service the sealed yourself. the Removing the to the OFF and the cool to shock or burns. To the as as the screws each of the the about of the the and off the hinges. Screw Shock -A
To the the the hand. back the and the the the top. the of the evenly, as as they If the with the and the the screws the the The the cleaning. cool to burns. To racks. the screws the of the If screws too tight to hand, screwdriver. and of and back the front of clear of front of cavity. and
To with the back about inches or the front of the front of cavity. back of and the screws. Cleaning chart the following to clean (other than PART WHAT TO USE and and OR and and HOW TO CLEAN Turn to OFF and straight from and thoroughly. or cleansers. They the of the to OFF. with and thoroughly. or cleansers. They the finish. directly Apply to towel. with and thoroughly. heavily areas. or They the NOTE: allow foods containing (such as or to the finish. or when cool.
PART and and each cavity WHAT TO USE Warm, and or OR Dishwasher only) and and and OR Warm, and and heavily OR heavily HOW TO CLEAN cleaning instructions. Clean each and thoroughly. cool, with heavily areas, and thoroughly. cool. Follow with the cleaner. with and thoroughly. cool. and access. and with and thoroughly. access. with and access. newspaper to Follow with the cleaner. with allow cleaners to the heat thermostat, or of the
The light The light when the Light Switch the backguard. Shock and light cool and to the turned OFF the light to shock or burns. To the light: or supply. the light from its the with ance or the supply.
If You Assistance or Service This section to the of service of this section their and actions to each and what to or service. Consumer Assistance or service, please of the and numbers, and the purchase This information properly to Performance often from things and without of Please the chart below It the of service PROBLEM Nothing The The and the turned to to to The the light with with POSSIBLE CAUSE The with properly connected to supply. household blown household or or tripped. correctly. The the to the the off household blown household or or of prolonged tripped. manually light clogged. Clean with straight the with authorized Whirlpool service to to supply. SOLUTION
POSSIBLE CAUSE SOLUTION PROBLEM clogged. Clean with straight If this authorized Whirlpool service service. from when turning You to The what expected The the too or too high. the The There the clock. flashing 12:OO The preheated Preheat as the The as to to the or appear- ance of the food. The the type or recommended the There around when the to cooking cooking used. Completely completely closed the The flow of combustion and/ to to and or to the around to cookbook recommended type and Allow to inches of the There of inch
If the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance telephone toll-free from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory operation from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Whirlpool Corporation North M-63 Please include If service Whirlpool nationwide network of authorized Whirlpool service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance telephone or directory -APPLIANCE-HOUSEHOLD- WASHING MACHINES MAJOR, SERVICE REPAIR DRYERS, SERVICE REPAIR Applmces or Wharlpool Applmces or Authorized Whwlpool Service Authorized WhIrlpool I- If FSP@ FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever ESTATE@ ance. FSP right and right, they to the exacting to every ESTATE To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer, and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
LENGTH OF WARRANTY WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FULL ONE-YEAR and to WARRANTY or workmanship. Service From of Purchase authorized Whirlpool service WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: the of to house or house or owner-accessible light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the home. D. to fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSE- QUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the If You Assistance or Service section of this If You Assistance or Service, found Consumer Assistance telephone from anywhere the U.S.A. PART NO. Whirlpool Corporation of Whirlpool, U.S.A. ESTATE Warranty Prlnted recovered Printed I U.S.A.