UseAndCare NO-FROST REFRIGERATOR-FREEZERS To You Instructions Food If You Assistance Service Warranty with or MODELS IT18HD
To You Thank You purchased world-class Years of its To that years of trouble-free operation, this and It of information to and properly and Please Also, please and the Ownership Card with This about information to This and Please to these and follow instructions of the of each This actions This to such as injury, burns, fire which (scratches, and to Consumer Assistance toll-free, hours If concerning operation, or service, first If You Assistance Service If further to Consumer Assistance calling, to know and You this information the and included below to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. Purchase
allow children to with, instructions the or the with Child and suffocation The of the or fire or they the FOR YOUR SAFETY If of Please the from the of Appliance Please: and the that the and its and the or other heat the where the below 55F (13C). the of the weather. the only to the of with the supply and grounding. to the and Grounding Instructions the with food to properly cold. the the this Properly the the to properly. To reduce the of fire, shock, or when these basic follow SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPORS AND LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS OR ANY OTHER APPLIANCE. THE FUMES CAN CREATE FIRE HAZARD OR EXPLOSION.
This section captioned of them to become with where and located and what they The chased or of the and shown and they match the exactly. This covers (shown) and and Meat cover Trl8HD) REFRIGERATOR EXTERIOR MOISTURE CONTROL FREEZER Light switch shelves shelves
This Section properly Cleaning It to This section to to and Cleaning NOTE: instruction and the the and the the front. using the Cleaning To with to then OR with hand-dishwashing as or cleaners. These the tions Recommended Grounding AC or fused and properly grounded supply required. It recommended that only this which turned off with switch or cord. and Ground- Instructions Sheet using necessary. cleaning instructions and grounding type grounding
properly Allow inch each and the top of the ease of installation. If the of the to might to the The the back front screws-one the right and the To or both of these, follow the below. To front, screw clockwise. To front, screw counterclock- with to Right to to screwdriver
This Section the the the shelves the meat and cover Removing the and cover the the the optional the light the the the hear sounds WARMER COLDER FREEZER
The operates heaters around the These heaters from the of the the OFF when the ON the of the the If to or the the chart below as If Consumer Assistance CONDITION: REASON: section too often amount of food too section too often amount of food (cant often enough) section too correctly enough (cant often enough) Both sections too often amount of food or EXTERIOR MOISTURE CONTROL ON OFF the first. least hours Then the RECOMMENDED CONTROL C
the shelves the shelves to match the shelves enough to bottles, and other heavy food items. To shelves: items from shelf. shelf front. back of shelf. straight To shelves: the the the front front of shelf to Removing the and cover To the meat meat to the front of meat the of the To the cover: front of back of cover. cover straight cover To the meat the straight to the the front. the of the To the cover: the meat front of cover cover and to the the front and to the the front and the front, then the back.
To the cover: notches of cover rear and of shelf. cover the the and cover To the the straight to the the front. the of the To the cover: from the then with both front of cover and cover To the cover: cover front section of back corners of cover notch of then front cover back of Then front to the the shelf cleaning. To the shelf: front of slightly. back of off the If they The The the they To both slightly. the front of cover to the
the optional If or to there things to know: The ON/OFF arm. DOWN to UP to off the IMPORTANT: connected to the supply. Instructions to the back of the The or the of the the of the to the to supply. Water chemicals, such as from malfunctioning the and to If that the and operating properly. PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION attached This They easily. corners to or enough Off-taste or New or off- the first batches of ON/OFF the OFF to the ON enough. and the Cubes too Throw them and supply. wrapped properly. Food and and to cleaned. and to to
the light light the or the electricity leading to the the supply. to shock or injury. To the light: Disconnect from supply. from supply. the to the to with with to supply. NOTE: Not to with of the and the To the to release the from the the To the with to cleaning instructions and
the You the the the other to the instruction included with the sounds hear sounds that the sounds to might concerned about them. Dont of the sounds the and the sounds The following the of sounds that might to and what them. You hear the and Clicking or sounds The thermostat when the It sound when the The when the You electricity. tight the to of Clean the regularly. the as as Think about what the everything food to search what as as food Water sounds the hear the You hear the Ice sounds of If hear (from the and the of the sounds high-efficiency and It than It to of the and the overcrowd It of electricity to the and to colder than they to If firm the and as as family them, thats enough. to heat such as heater, or sunlight.
Caring built to years of service. there things to its life. This section to and what to when vacation, or Cleaning Both the and sections automatically. both about once month to from building right To the to OFF, and the to the following PART (shelves, cloth or (allow to with cloth or and This Section Cleaning and WHAT TO USE or cloth with and cloth or with and (or located the and become and to HOW TO CLEAN and thoroughly. of or cleaners. and thoroughly. painted least Apply with clean, cloth. painted protection. with of and or to L] of and thoroughly.
PART and (covers and Defrost or cloth with To and WHAT TO USE HOW TO CLEAN and thoroughly. cloth or with DO NOT USE cleaning and trated bleaches or cleaners containing and thoroughly. or cloth DO NOT USE towels, with scouring cleansers or and These scratch or with cleaners and thoroughly. with notched to the rear. the when or dirty. to cleaned as often as every other month. as as the supply allows. Clean back to the
and Short to off the than four other items. If to OFF off supply to Empty the vacations If month or food from the If Turn off the supply to the least of the of turn off the of the the Clean and or to the tops of both to them enough to This and from building allow children to or the when the They become or trapped. To the to If Turn off the to the least of the the of the to the OFF food from the food the Clean thoroughly. and them and them together they and Screw the the and the supply to the to everything back and to Also, to the supply
interruptions If electricity off, the off. If service hours or both closed. This food If service than hours: food and food OR of foot of This food to Wear to from burns. OR If neither food or or perishable food once. than partly of than of If food although the and affected. If the of the food or of Consumer Assistance telephone
Food There to and or food. To food fresher, the to these fresh food or food the airtight and This food and throughout the products, to fresh- ness. wrapping and or tear off and areas. and or and with or and or or they ready to Sort and their or closed shelf. the shelf. shelf. or covered or closed supply, and the ready to Once rewrap tightly or with or with tight used. Meat meat as as airtight and moisture-proof. Rewrap necessary. the following chart APPROXIMATE TIME TYPE (DAYS)* to to to and roasts Cured 7to to Cold to to2 If meat than the follow the NOTE: fresh and the as purchased.
food The section of food and food NOTE: further information about food or food Cooperative Service or or The of the The and the allow or or other food and through- the and of food. recommended with tight-fitting Straight-sided canning/freezing Plastic-coated Non-permeable wraps from Follow or instructions wrappers without tight Waxed-coated Thin, The of these food and of food. to of food. food the than within hours than to pounds of food foot of enough to around to enough the front the tightly. to the of the food, the type of or (airtight and moisture-proof) and the which should 0F
If You Assistance Service Performance often from things without Please the chart below service this chart the with their Please through this and PROBLEM CHECK THE FOLLOWING the supply firmly with tor household or blown/tripped? The lights The optional You hear sounds or There This the the the overflow. The to too the to the OFF the supply with household or blown/tripped? the enough to It overnight the to reach the the ON/OFF the ON the turned the or something top of or the sounds the sounds hear the dirty? the amount of food The these things the If the too the to the cool.
If Whirlpool Consumer toll-free from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Assistance Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include phone If service* Whirlpool nationwide of authorized Whirlpool@ service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance telephone or directory -APPLIANCE-HOUSEHOLD- WASHING MACHINES MAJOR, SERVICE REPAIR DRYERS, SERVICE REPAIR Whirlpool Applnances or Whirlpool Applmces or Aulhorlzed WhIrlpool Service Authorized Servce XYZ XYZ Service or service: Please of the and numbers, and the chase This informa- tion properly to If FSP@ FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and right, they to the exacting specifications to every To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
LENGTH OF WARRANTY FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase FULL FIVE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: Correct the of to house or house or light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the D. to caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. food to F. Repairs to or caused to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSE- QUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the or Service section of this Assistance or Service, found Consumer Assistance telephone from anywhere the U.S.A. PART NO. Whirlpool Corporation of Whirlpool Corporation, U.S.A. Printed USA ESTATE Warranty WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FSP@ and to or workmanship. Service authorized FSP and to or workmanship the sealed These Connecting Service authorized service recovered