If or service, first the Troubleshooting section. Additional Customer Interaction from anywhere the U.S.A., or write: Whirlpool Corporation Customer Interaction MI Information www.estateappliances.com. Please include this and together reference. You of purchase or in-warranty service. this and and This the This to that or and others. follow the and the DANGER or WARNING. These what the to reduce the chance of injury, and what the instructions followed. 3955873A WASHER USER INSTRUCTIONS ASSISTANCE OR SERVICE WASHER SAFETY............................................ WASHER USE WASHER CARE TROUBLESHOOTING...................................... WARRANTY...................................................... Assistance or Service WASHER SAFETY and the of others DANGER WARNING Table of the following information about to or service You to and You this information the and located the washer Purchase You or seriously immediately follow instructions. You or seriously follow instructions.
WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock, or to when the washer, follow basic including the following: instructions using the washer. that previously cleaned or with cleaning other or as they off that or dry-cleaning or other or to the These off that or that or HYDROGEN GAS IS If the such the and the from each This release the or this these loads, the LOAD SIZE to the highest Work Clothes shirts Work Clothes shirts IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS EXPLOSIVE. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS SUPER CAPACITY and SUPER CAPACITY PLUS WASHERS sheets pillowcases T-shirts shorts EXTRA LARGE CAPACITY WASHERS sheets or pillowcases T-shirts shorts shirts allow to or the washer. of when the washer the washer from service or the or reach the washer the or or the washer where to the weather. with or of the washer or servicing specifically recommended this or published user-repair instructions that and the to grounding instructions. WASHER USE Loading bath washcloths bath washcloths
items the washer that with or other washer completely that type of (including cooking Doing death, or fire. and the washer. If or bleach. of clothes washer. to washer and items. Items should easily through the cleaning. (OPTIONAL) Chlorine Bleach. NOTE: Follow the Undiluted bleach touches. The appears as tears, or and To with bleach splash, or the washer bleach. than the recommended amount with With Chlorine Bleach bleach this measured bleach the bleach Bleach washer and the of the Without Chlorine Bleach the washer and the bleach the cleaning and that bleach the bleach around the directly the Washer WARNING grounded ground cord. to follow these instructions death, fire, or shock. (OPTIONAL) NOTE: or the clothes. Undiluted with Too items and towels) If this every or of it each With this measured the the of the the with reaches the the Without the ONLY, that with to to the washer Washer or with the Turn the LOAD SIZE or WATER LEVEL to the and the type of washed. You the or selection the washer turning the to WARNING
the TEMPERATURE to the the type of and washed. the warmest Follow instructions. NOTE: colder than to wear and increased (the formation of the of (OPTIONAL) EXTRA RINSE and the of the EXTRA RINSE to ON. On the EXTRA RINSE of the (OPTIONAL) END OF CYCLE SIGNAL selector. this to ON washer to when the Cleaning Washer cloth or to such as or bleach from the of washer. Clean washer of bleach and of this washer and through using this necessary. only cleaners as washer Cleaning the top with both and while with thumbs. then NOTE: If clothes with this or bleach to this only. Water hoses years of to reduce the of hose inspect and hoses wear or found. hoses, the of the with WASHER CARE the and clockwise to the the when the to the washer. To or washer: To the washer the To the washer, the and the the hoses, washer. If or washer weather, washer off both and hoses. L) of the washer and about seconds to the and washer or To washer and hoses. hoses. Turn both washer or the washer through with of to clean or washer only when If or washer of should: washer or Turn off the to the washer. This to while
the and possibly the of service Washer and the and the washer The should and overloaded. The washer The front should properly and the tightened. the the Instructions. completely the with the the the and or the of clicking These washer the following: the hoses tight? the hose washers properly seated? the hose properly the Instructions. the or clogged? and to L) of deflecting off the or the the the washer. The should and overloaded. The or off the The washer The front should properly and the the the household crooked the washer pulled the to the the and the washer The should balanced and overloaded. The washer The front should properly and the tightened. the rear the The washer while This The top of the or only This or bleach follow the when and to the and the the or bleach the bleach or bleach directly to the the bleach bleach. TROUBLESHOOTING Washer or the following: the grounded the the properly with Turn the to the right slightly and to the clogged? both the and turned the hose the too or the washer appear to completely? The top of the higher than the highest This and necessary clothes to freely. or the If cord? cord. the washer the The washer about Allow the to of and the washer overloaded? loads. the The closed operation. Washer or with the Washer or the hose clogged, or the of the hose than the the Instructions of the The closed operation. Washer or with the there Follow If might to Washer to or the top of hose than the washer? The top of the hose higher than the the washer operation. the Instructions. the hose too tightly the or to the The hose should securely. the hose with The hose the Instructions. Washer Operation
Wash/Rinse what selected the and hoses reversed? the Instructions information. of washed increases, the and This On with selection, the This while the performance. Washer too the right the washed? Select with higher Cold than This or properly? Sort (towels, from synthetics). the washer? The and overloaded. Clothes should freely. the overloaded. loads. the The should the Clothes should freely the enough Follow enough to the the clothing? If the clothing. the following: or the than 70F (21C)? than 70F (21C) completely the the the Reducing another to reduce follow the when and and enough to and and to the of only. clothes. there You to properly the Sort clothes from whites and lights. the washer promptly? To the washer as as the washer promptly? the washer as as the right the washed? the or Press clothes or another with to reduce the washer? The and overloaded. Loads should freely To reduce of clothes and synthetic knits, to the enough to or If the or the and hoses to the and hoses connected to the right the or twisted the washer? The and overloaded. Loads should freely items around the items the washer. items around the whites, properly the when whites and Sort clothes from whites and lights. the too or washes the to enough or heavy or the and hoses reversed? to the and hoses connected to the right the Instructions. Check the following: items from Empty or and to items and threads seams the washer? The and overloaded. Loads should freely bleach properly? bleach directly bleach Undiluted bleach items top of the bleach when and the washer follow the instructions?
Notes
ONE-YEAR FULL WARRANTY year from the of purchase, when this washer operated and to instructions attached to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP and to or workmanship. Service Whirlpool service SECOND THROUGH FIFTH YEARS LIMITED WARRANTY ON TOP, LID AND GEARCASE ASSEMBLY the through fifth year from the of purchase, when this washer operated and to instructions attached to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP top and and of the gearcase assembly, or workmanship. SECOND THROUGH TENTH YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY ON OUTER TUB the through tenth years from the of purchase, when this washer operated and to instructions attached to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP the outer should crack or to or workmanship. LIFETIME LIMITED WARRANTY ON WHITE PORCELAIN BASKET the of the washer, when this washer operated and to instructions to or furnished with the Whirlpool Corporation FSP the white should or to or workmanship. Whirlpool Corporation Service to the of washer, to to washer, or to house or house or Repairs when washer other than single-family household from fire, acts of installation, with and or of products Whirlpool Corporation. the warranty or operated the United States. and This to repaired the Repairs to or from unauthorized to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to the United States, this warranty apply. authorized to another warranty If to that FSP factory specified These right and right they with the to every ESTATE To FSP the Customer Interaction or service information to Whirlpool Corporation, please front of this 3955873A Whirlpool Corporation. rights of Whirlpool, U.S.A. Printed U.S.A ESTATE WASHER WARRANTY Gearcase assembly covered warranty