NO-FROST REFRIGERATOR-FREEZER To You If Warranty MODEL TS25AQ
To You Thank You purchased ~~rW*/ass Years of its manufacturing. To that years of trouble-free operation, this and It of information to and property and Please Also, please and the Ownership Card with This about information to This and Please to these and follow instructions of the of each This to such as injury, fire and shock. Consumer Assistance toll-free, hours If concerning operation, or service, first If You Assistance Service If further free to calling, to know Consumer Assistance and You this information the and included below to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. This actions (scratches, and to property.
Instructions instructions using the Child and of the or they the If of allow to with, or the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Please: and the that the and its and the or other heat the where the below 55F (13C). the of the weather. the to the of with the supply and grounding. the with food to properly cold. the the this Properly the the to properly. To reduce the of fire, shock, or when using follow these clean with The fire or FOR YOUR SAFETY DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPORS AND LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS OR ANY OTHER APPLIANCE. THE FUMES CAN CREATE FIRE HAZARD OR EXPLOSION.
This section captioned them to become with where and features located and what they Light
It It to This section to clean to and Cleaning Removing and the and the To with to then OR with as or cleaners. These the Recommended Grounding fused and property supply required. recommended that this which turned off with switch or cord. and Ground- Instructions Sheet This Section Cleaning properly NOTE: instruction the the the front. Cleaning using necessary. cleaning instructions grounding type
properly Allow !A inch each and the top of the ease of installation. If the to might to the to the the The the front screws-one the right and the To or both of these, follow the below. to To front, screw clockwise. To front, turn screw counterdock- with Right to to
To the from that properly. This section to the and of the and to the the and the the the first the to from (warmest) to from (warmest) to C CID the to B. This Section the the Removing the shelf fronts Removing the the the shelves ..I0 the IO Removing the and cover Removing the meat and cover the meat Removing the the shelves the and the the the the light the sounds hear IQ CD
NOTE: The the to cool completely food. continuously build-up the of hours. The should This to or household The correctly when or as as and when firm. to these the below. the If to or the the chart below as If Consumer RECOMMENDED CONDITION: REASON: CONTROL SETTINGS: section too section too sectlon too enough Both sections too often amount of too often amount of food (cant often enough) correctly (cant often enough) often amount of food or the first. least hours Then the C C
Removing the fronts the fronts cleaning. To fronts: items from the shelf. the each of the shelf front. front straight To fronts: each of the front with the the front straight back securely items the shelf. the the the cleaning. To items from the shelf. straight each of the To each of the the the the straight it items the shelf. the To straight To
the shelves the shelves to match the shelves enough to bottles, and other heavy food items. To the shelves: items from the shelf. front. back. shelf straight To the shelves: the rear the the sheff the back front of front of to Removing the To the straight to the with motion. the front. the of the Removing the and cover To the the straight to the the front slightly. the of the To the cover: cover with both and front of cover off cover and To the cover: back of notch of front to the the front and the cover front, then the
the meat and cover To the meat to the the meat straight to the the front and the front slightly. the of the To the cover: the the cover and the meat front of cover cover back and straight the meat Cold flows the meat through the and the the meat than the of the tor of the to or through. Removing the To the to the the front to clear the the of the To the the the clear the front of the the to the the front
Removing the shelves To the shelf: right of off of the and and Tumbling when or to or Ice from the the the the and the from the and through the release the sound heard wconds as the The when the crushed crushed when crushed from the crusher and of from CRUSHED to CUBE, ounces of crushed with the first To Selector Switch to CUBE crushed Selector Switch to CRUSHED
Press the to of the to NOTE: The first batches of from and Throw the Also, amounts of from the through the The Chilled from the meat approximately L). the first the with or and to to L). The and the and Allow hours to NOTE: The beneath the to There this To Press the the to NOTE: enough to fresh supply.
the things to know about The ON/OFF arm. DOWN to UP to off the NOTE: to the supply. tions supply upareattachedtothebackofthe It to attached corner. They easily. The the coke enough to This overnight. If enough and the higher and, necessary, turn the C. quality. to the to supply. Water chemicals (such as from malfunctioning the and to supply the operating properly and DOWN to
Removing the and clean the the or or the to and together. the regularly. To the covering from the and to the rear. the clicks the OFF the front of the and Empty the or to the necessary. to the This the and with or cleaners or the the Then the to the ON to
PROBLEM CAUSE the the properly about the too to Off-taste or from and supply. causing to together attracts airborne Water properly wrapped Ice and cleaning to New the to and to increase amounts of should from the through the and supply. covered Water containing (such as to properly. and Clean and cleaning chart and Follow Instructions supply back of The first of from off-taste. and supply.
Removing the To the both foMlard to release the from the the To the with to the cleaning instructions and the light light the or the electricity leading to the supply. to injury. To light: from supply. the to with to supply. Shock
To light: from supply. top of light shield free. light shield to clear light shield straight to with light shield to supply. To the light: from SwPty- top of light shield and shield with light shield and shield to supply. To light: from supply. of light shield free. with light shield. to NOTE: Not to with of the and light
the sounds hear sounds that the sounds to might concerned about them. of the sounds the and the sounds The following the of sounds that might to and what them. You hear the and Clicking or sounds The thermostat when the It sound when the The when the You tight the to of Clean the regularly. the as as Think about what the everything food to search what as as food Water sounds the hear the You hear the sounds of You hear (from the and the of the sounds high-efficiency and It than It to of the and the overcrowd It of to the and to than they to If firm the and as as family them, thats enough. to heat such as heater, or sunlight.
Caring This Section WI@ Cleaning and built to years of service. there things to its section to and what to when vacation, or Cleaning Roth the and sections automatically. both about once month to from building right located To the the and become to OFF, and and clean the to the following PART WHAT TO USE HOW TO CLEAN (shelves, (allow to cloth and thor- or cloth with and oughly. cloth or of with or cleaners. and (or with of cloth or and: with or or and to L] of to and thoroughly. painted least Apply with clean, doth. painted protection. and thoroughly.
PART and (covers and Defrost WHAT TO USE HOW TO CLEAN cloth and thoroughly. or with and and thoroughly. or cloth DO NOT USE towels, with scouring cleansers or and These scratch or instructions or cloth with and with DO NOT USE cleaning trated bleaches or cleaners containing To and thoroughly. with notched to the rear. the when or dirty. to cleaned as as other month. as as the supply allows. Clean to the
and Short vacations to off the than four other items. to OFF off supply to Empty the vacations If month or food from the Turn off the to the least of the of off the of the the Clean and or to the tops of both to them enough to This and from building allow children to near or the when the They become or trapped. To the to Turn off the supply to the least of the the of the to the OFF food from the food the Clean thoroughly. and them and them together they and Screw the the and the supply to the to home, everything back and to Also, to the supply
interruptions If off, the corn- off. If service hours or both closed. This food If service than hours: food and food OR of every foot of food to Wear to from OR If neither food or or perishable food once. than partly of meat than of food although the and affected. If the of the food or of Consumer Assistance telephone
Food There to and or food. To food fresher, the to these recommended food or food the airtight and food and throughout the products, to freshness. and or tear off and areas. and or and with or and or or they ready to Sort and their or closed shelf. without provided, or the shelf. shelf. or covered or closed supply, and the ready to Once tightfy or with or with tight alsoheused. Meat meat as as airtight and moisture-proof. Rewrap necessary. the following chart APPROXIMATE TIME TYPE (DAYS) to Ground to and roasts to Cured 7to to Cold to to2 If meat than the follow the NOTE: fresh and the as purchased.
food The section of food and focd NOTE: further information about food or food Cooperative Service or or cookbook. The of the The and the allow or or other food and through- the and of food. recommended with tight-fitting Straight-sided canning/freezing Plastic-coated Non-permeable wraps from Follow or instructions wrappers without tight Waxedcoated Thin, wrap The of these food and of food. to of food. food the than within hours than to pounds of food foot of enough to around to enough the front the tightly. to the of the food, the type of or (airtight and moisture-proof) and the which should 0F
If You Assistance Service Performance often from things without Please the chart below service this chart the with their Please through this and PROBLEM CHECK THE FOLLOWING the with household or blown/tripped? The lights The You hear something top of or the sounds or There This the the the overflow. The the to too the amount of food these things the to the OFF the with household or blown/tripped? the enough to It overnight the to reach the the ON/OFF the ON (SW the turned the or sounds the sounds hear the the too the to the cool.
Whirlpool Consumer Assbtance telephone from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory operation from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Assistance Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include phone service*... Whirlpool nationwide of authorized Whirlpool service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance telephone or directory or service: Please of the and numbers, the chase (SW This informa- tion properly to FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and rfght, they to the exacting to To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North IL MACAP inform of action.
LENGTH OF WARRANTY FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase FULL FIVE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: Correct the of to house or house or light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the D. to caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpod. E. food to F. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the s-83 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSE- DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the Assistance or Service section of this Assistance or found Consumer Assistance from anywhere the U.S.A. telephone PART NO. USA ESTATE Warranty WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FSV and to or workmanship. Service authorized Whirlpool service FSP and to or workmanship the sealed These Connecting Service authorized Whirlpool service