To You Thank worldclass You purchased Years of its To that years of trouble-free operation, this and of information to and properly and Please Also, please and the Card with This about informa- tion to This and Please to these and follow instructions of the of each This actions which This to such as (scratches, injury, burns, fire and shock. and to property. Consumer Assistance 1-800-253-I toll-free, hours concerning operation, or service, first If You Assistance Service If further free to Consumer calling, to know and You this information the and below included to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. Purchase
Instructions instructions the Child and suffocation of the or they the of it Please the from the Association of Appliance Manufacturers. Please: and the that the and its and the to or other heat the where the below 55F the of the weather. the only to the of with the supply and grounding. to the and Grounding Instructions the with food to properly cold. the the this Properly the the to properly. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS allow children to with, or the with The fire or FOR YOUR SAFETY DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPORS AND LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS OR ANY OTHER APPLIANCE. THE FUMES CAN CREATE FIRE HAZARD OR EXPLOSION. Also, and the and the To with to then OR with as or cleaners. These the Irnpor- Instructions NOTE: instruction the the the front.
This section captioned of them to become with where and located and what they The purchased or of the and features shown and they match the exactly. This to cover Ice (TllSCK only) cover Light switch Tf14CK shown
This Section properly to This section to clean to and Clean Clean cleaning instructions Grounding AC, or fused and properly grounded supply It recommended that this which turned off with switch or cord. and Grounding Instructions Sheet properly Allow inches overhead and top. Allow least inch the the back and the Allow inch each of the ease of the of the to might to the grounding type
with front, to To turning the screws, located the front of the base. Turn clockwise to Turn counterclockwise to lower. NOTE: correctly when the when the or closed. this whenever the tor NOTE: If the to the to the front of the slightly. U80 to of with screw
This Section UW light the the the Removing the MCI cover the hear.. the the optiond to the from that properly. This section to that. the The the It the both the and the the first the to from to NOTE: Turning the to OFF cooling both the and it the from the supply. the to cool completely food. This hours. the to food as as The indicated should household NOTE: The built-in continuously guards build-up the of the and
the shelves The shelves to match the To the shelves: items from the shelf. shelf straight to the back of the of the To the shelves: back of track of front of track. the the and cover To the straight to the the front. the of the To the cover: cover front and the cover cover and To the cover: cover lowest and the front cover (with the the front) the the of the cover. NOTE: If the clockwise to or counterclockwise to lower. 4EK then the back TTl4CK covw front then the back.
the (TTIICK) used, they The The the they To both slightly. the optional to ECKMF-90) there things to The with found the rear, of the the This should instead of the the accessory The ON/OFF arm. to automatically. to off the NOTE: The or the of the the of the the to and to increased capacity. It to attached They easily. You hear when hear the Dont these sounds bother The the enough to This overnight. of the first or off the first batches of the the to off the the the and the to the ON If too they Throw them Cubes the become to the of the to 8top LOWW to
It recommended that the connected to supply. Water chemicals, such as from matfunctioning the and to supply that the and operating properly. the light light the or the electricity leading to the the supply. Turning the to the OFF the from the supply. to shock or To the light: from supply. the to with to supply. NOTE: Not to with of the wattage and the You the the the other to the instruction included with Shock
You electricity. tight the to of Clean the regularly. the as as Think about what the everything food to search what as as food the sounds hear sounds that the sounds to might concerned about them. Dont of the sounds the and the sounds The following the of sounds that might to and what them. hiss You hear the and Clicking or sounds The thermostat when the sound when the The when the and the overcrowd of electricity to the than to firm the and as as family them, thats enough. to heat such as heater, or sunlight. Water sounds the hear the You hear the and sounds of hear (from the and the of the
This Section Cleaning and built to years of service. there things to its life. This section to clean and what to when vacation, or Cleaning Both the and sections automatically. both should cleaned about once month to from building should right located To the the and become Clean to OFF, and the to the following to PART WHAT TO USE HOW TO CLEAN and thoroughly. or cloth with (shelves, and of cloth or with of and cloth or or should with or allowed to and cloth to L] of and cloth or and thoroughly. with DO NOT USE cleaning and bleaches or cleaners containing or (covers and cloth with and or cleaners. with and (or and thoroughly. painted least Apply with clean, cloth. painted protection. and thoroughly. and thoroughly. DO NOT USE towels, scouring cleansers or These scratch or Instructions
PART WHAT TO USE or cloth with and top of from the cleaners and vacations the food month or with off the supply to the least the of off the of the Clean, and or to the tops of both to them enough to This and from building allow to or the when the They become or trapped. To tor HOW TO CLEAN from the and thoroughly. to clean. back to inch the back and the to the when or to cleaned as often as every other month. back to inch the back and the to the from the If only as as the allows. Clean back to inch the back and the to the Short vacations to off the than four other items. If Turn off arm. off the supply to the Empty the with off the supply least Disconnect the the of the to off the food. food the and clean it thoroughly. and them together they and the and the to the to every- thing back and to Also, remember to the supply
interruptions electricity off, the off. to hours or both closed. This foods service to than hours: food and food OR Consumer Assistance telephone of This food to Wear to from burns. OR If neither food or or perishable food once. Food This Section food fresh food There to and or food. To food fresher, the to these recommended fresh food Food the should wrapped or and This food and throughout the products, to freshness. and or tear off and areas. and or and with or than partly of meat than of food although the and affected. If the of the food or of and or or they ready to Sort and their or closed shelf. without the shelf. shelf.
or covered or supply, and the ready to Once rewrap tightly or Cover with or with tight used. meat as as and proof. Rewrap necessary. the following chart food The section of food and food turther information about food Cooperative Service or or cookbook. The of the The and the allow or or other food and throughout the and of food. recommended with tight-fitting Straight-sided Plastic-coated Non-permeable wraps from Follow or instructions APPROWMATE TIME (DAYS) TYPE to2 Ground to2 3to5 and roasts Cured to Cold meat to than the follow the NOTE: Fresh and should the as purchased. wrappers without tight Waxedcoated Thin, The of these food and of food. to of food. food the than within hours. than to pounds of food toot of enough to around to the front the tightly. 5to7
food chart to the of the food, the type of or and proof) and the (which should 0F FOOD STORAGE TIME to months Commercially months months Others to months Commercially months to months Meats or Corned or month Ground and to months to months to months -PO& to months (fresh) to months to months CL to months months to months Breaded (purchased) months cooked to months months to months (uncooked) months Poultry or (whole or months months months to months month FOOD STORAGE TIME (meat, to months to months TV to months products to months months -Camembert, months -Creamed Swiss, Brick, to months months Whole Whites months months NOTE: or to or whole months N Serve (frosted) to months (unfrosted) to months to months dough months cakes months to months to months to months months Yeast months meat shortens life. of Based U.S.D.A. and Cooperative Service
If You Assistance Service This section to the of service of this section their and actions to each and what to or service. Consumer Assistance or service, please of the and and the purchase This information properly to Performance often from things and without of Please the chart below the of service PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE SOLUTION The supply with with household or household blown or tripped. to numbered The correctly. There something top of or item from top of or the the sounds or The sounds New features sounds. the sounds hear the the There This weather. The overflow. the The lights The optional The to too household blown or tripped. The supply with The The enough to cold. The the OFF The turned off. Water to the The It or the The frequently. amount of food household or with Allow the to cold-this overnight. to the ON Turn the the clogs or Clean the On or the too the the as as The to cool the when food
If Whirlpool Consumer telephone free from anywhere the U.S.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include If service of authorized Whirlpools service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance telephone or telephone directory Whirlpool nationwide If FSP FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and right, they to the exacting specifications to every To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer Assistance If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP only when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR LENGTH OF WARRANTY FSP@ and to FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase or workmanship. Service authorized WhirlpoolM service FULL FIVE-YEAR WARRAN-IY From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: Correct the of the to the house or house or light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and This to repaired the home. D. to caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. food to F. Repairs to or caused to the WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or service, first the Assistance or Service section of this or Service, found Consumer Assistance telephone from anywhere the U.S. PART NO. Corpordbn of U.S.A. ESTATE Warranty FSP and to or workmanship the sealed These Connecting Service authorized WhirlpoolSM service