NO-FROST REFRIGERATOR-FREEZERS MODELS TT18AK TT18HD TT18DK TT20DK To You Food You Warranty 1-800-253-I with or
You Thank You purchased quality, WorMclass Years of its To that years of trouble-free operation, this and It of information to and properly and Please Also, please corn- and the Ownership Card with This about information to This and Please to these and follow instructions of the of each and shock. Consumer Assistance toll-free, hours If concerning operation, or service, first If You Assistance Service If further free to Consumer Assistance calling, to and You this information the and and included below to these numbers, the purchase from the and and telephone this and the together reference. Purchase This to such This actions as injury, burns, fire to
Instructions instructions the Child and suffocation Please: and the that the and its and the or other heat the where the below 55F (13C). the of the weather. the to the of with the supply and grounding. to the and Grounding Instructions the with food to properly cold. the the this Property the the to properly. To reduce the of fire, shock, or when using follow these basic of the or they the If of it Please the from the of Appliance SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS allow to with, or the with The fire or FOR YOUR SAFETY DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPORS AND LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS OR ANY OTHER APPLIANCE. THE FUMES CAN CREATE FIRE HAZARD OR EXPLOSION.
This section captioned of them to become with where and features located and what they The chased or of the and shown and they match the exactly. This covers Light switch Snap-off
and TTlSDK Meat TT20DK and cover. Stationary shelf shelves lT18DK)
It to This section to to and Cleaning Removing NOTE: instruction and the Sheet the and the the front. the Cleaning it To with to using then necessary. cleaning instructions OR and with hand-dishwashing as scribed or cleaners. These the tions Recommended Grounding AC only or fused and properly grounded required. It recommended that this provided. which off with switch or cord. and Ground- Instructions This Section properly Cleaning grounding type
properly Allow inch each and the top of the ease of installation. If the of the to might to the The the back front screws-one the right and the To or both of these, follow the below. To front, screw clockwise. To front, turn screw counterclock- with Right to to screwdriver
To the from that property. This section to the and of the features and to the the and the the the first the to the to C. from to (warmest). the to cool completely food. This hours. The indicated should household The correctly when or as as and when firm. If to these the This Section the the Removing the the snap-off the shelves Removing the and cover the and from (warmest) to the shelf.. the the optional the light the the .I5 the sounds hear..
The operates heaters around the These heaters from the of the the OFF when the ON the of the the the first. If to or the the chart below as If least hours Consumer Assistance CONDITION: REASON: section too amount of food too Section too often amount of food (cant often enough) section too correctly enough Both sections too often C amount of food or EaERmYomREcoNlRa Then the (cant often enough) RECOMMENDED CONTROL SETTINGS:
the To the items from the shelf. straight the each To the each of the the the items the Removing the snap-off To the items from the shelf. the each of the straight To the of the with the the straight back securely items the shelf.
the shelves the shelves to match the shelves enough to bottles, and other heavy food items. To shelves: items from shelf. front. back of shelf. shelf straight To shelves: the shelf the the shelf front front of shelf to the meat and cover To the meat meat to the front of meat meat the of the To the cover: front of cover back of cover. cover straight cover to the the front and
the crispersand cover To the the straight to the the front. the of the To the cover: from the then with both front of cover cover and cover To the cover: cover front section of back corners of cover notch of then front back of cover Then front to Removing the the cleaning. To the shelf: front of slightly. back of off the If they The The the they To both slightly. the front of cover then the back to the top, the front and
the optional If or to there things to know: The ON/OFF arm. DOWN to UP to off the IMPORTANT: connected to the supply. instructions supply attached to the back of the The or the of the the of the to connecting the to supply. Water chemicals, such as from malfunctioning the and to quality. If supply that the and operating property. POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION PROBLEM This They easily. to separated. corners or enough Off-taste or New or off- the first batches of ON/OFF the OFF to the ON enough. and hours. the Cubes too Throw them and supply. wrapped properly. Food and and to cleaned. and to to
light To the light: from supply. the to with to supply. NOTE: Not to with of the and the To the to release the from the the To the with to cleaning instructions and light the or the leading to the the supply. to shock or
RWersinathe. You the the the other to the instruction with the sounds hear sounds that the sounds to might concerned about them. Dont of the sounds the and the sounds The following the of sounds that might to and what them. hiss You hear the and Clicking or sounds The thermostat when the It sound when the The when the You tight the to of Clean the regularly. the as as Think about what the everything food to search what as as food Water-sounds the hear the You hear the sounds of If hear (from the and the of the sounds high-efficiency and It than It to of the and the overcrowd It of electricity to the and to colder than they to If firm the and as as family them, thats enough. to heat such as heater, or sunlight.
Caring Cleaning service. However, there built to years of things to its This section to and what to when vacation, or Cleaning Both the and sections automatically. clean both about once month to from building right To the to OFF, and the to the followina PART (shelves, cloth or (allow to towel with cloth or and T&k&ion. and WHAT TO USE or cloth with and cloth or with and (or located the and become and to coukf injury. HOW TO CLEAN and thoroughly. of or cleaners. and thoroughly. painted least Apply with clean, cloth. painted protection. with of and or to L] of and thoroughly.
PART WHATTOUSE .HOWT@CLEAN IIn& and (covers and Defrost or cloth with and cleaners as as the supply allows, Clean cloth and thoroughly. or towel with and clean and thoroughly. or cloth with and with DO NOT USE cleaning trated bleaches or cleaners DO NOT USE towels, scouring cleansers or These scratch or tions To and thoroughly. with notched to the rear. the when or dirty. to cleaned as often as every other month. back to the
Short vacations to off the than four other items. If to OFF off supply to Empty the vacations If month or food from the If Turn off the supply to the least of the of off the of the the Clean and or to the tops of both to them enough to This and from building allow to or the when the They become or trapped. To the to If Turn off the supply to the least of Disconnect the the of the to the OFF food from the food the Clean thoroughly. and them and them together they and Screw the the and the to the to everything back and to Also, to the supply
off, the off. If service hours or both closed. This food If service than hours: food and food OR of every foot of This food to Wear to from OR If neither food or or food once. than partly of meat than of food although the and affected. If the of the food or of Consumer Assistance telephone
There to p&&.-and foodTo food fresher, .takdthe to these recommendedsteps. fresh food or food the airtight and This food and throughout the products, to fresh- ness. and or tear off and areas. and or and with or and or or they ready to Sort and their or closed shelf. the shelf. or covered or closed supply, and the ready to Once tightly or with or with tight used. Meat meat as as airtight and moisture-proof. Rewrap necessary. the following chart APPROXIMATE TIME (DAYS) TYPE to and roasts to to If meat than the follow the NOTE: fresh and the as purchased.
The of food and food NOTE: further information about food or food Cooperatfve Service or or The of the The and the allow or or other food and through- the and of food. recommended with tight-fitting Straight-sided canning/freezing Plastic-coated Non-permeable wraps from Follow or instructions wrappers without tight Waxed-coated Thin, The of these food and of to of food. food the than within hours than to pounds of food foot of enough to around to enough the front the tightly. to the of the food, the type of or (airtight and moisture-proof) and the which should 0F
If Performance often from things without ,Ptease the chart below service this chart the with their Please through this and PROBLEM CHECK THE FOLLOWING tor The lights the supply with The optional You hear something top of or the sounds or sounds the sounds hear There This the the the overflow. The to too the supply with household or blown/tripped? the to the OFF household or blown/tripped? the enough to It overnight the to reach the the ON/OFF the ON the turned the or the dirty? the amount of food The these things the If the too the to the cool.
If Whirlpool Consumer Assistance telephone toll-free from anywhere the U.S.A.: and with of trained The to satisfactory from or, service necessary, service If write to: Consumer Assistance Whirlpool Corporation M-63 Please include phone If service* Whirlpool nationwide of authorized Whirlpool@ service Whirlpool service technicians trained to the warranty and warranty service, anywhere the United States. To the authorized Whirlpool service Consumer Assistance or phone directory .APPLlANCE-HOUSEHOLD *WASHING MACHINES MUOR. SEFMCE REPAIR DRYERS. SERVICE REPAJR Whirlpool Appliances or Whidpcd Appliances or Authorized Whirlpool Service Whirlpool Service XYZ service CO.) or service: Please of the and numbers, and the chase This informa- tion properly to If FSP@ FSP of Whirlpool Corporation this of whenever FSP right and right, because they to the exacting to To FSP to or the Whirlpool Consumer If with the the Appliance Consumer Action (MACAP). MACAP of that the highest of the industry. MACAP only when the authorized servicer and Whirlpool to Appliance Consumer Action North Chicago, IL MACAP inform of action.
LENGTH OF WARRANTY FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase FULL FIVE-YEAR WARRANTY From of Purchase WHIRLPOOL WILL NOT PAY FOR A. Service to: Correct the of to house or house or light B. Repairs when other than single-family household C. and to repaired the D. to caused fire, acts of or of products Whirlpool. E. food to F. Repairs to or caused unauthorized to the Y93 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSE- QUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or this or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the United States, warranty apply. please authorized Whirlpool or If service, first the Assistance or Service section of this Assistance or Service, found Consumer Assistance telephone from anywhere the U.S.A. PART NO. Whirlpool of Whirlpool Corporalion. Printed U.S.A. ESTATE Warranty WHIRLPOOL WILL PAY FOR FSP and to or workmanship. Service authorized Whirlpool service FSP and to or workmanship the sealed These Connecting Service authorized Whirlpool service Printed recovered