Conditioned CPC Conditioned
SM5505 March Conditioned
Conditioned Notice Section Section ANSI Warning Notices and Interlocks........................................................................................9 Lockout/Tagout..........................................................................................9 Conformance with Regulations Product Emergency Information Section Product Product Features...................................................................................12 Optional Features....................................................................................12 Section Preparation Section Location...................................................................................................17 5.2.1Top Feed................................................................................17 Locations......................................................18 Grounding................................................................................................21 Lockout/Tagout........................................................................................22 Optional Section Restoring Service...............................................................................24 the the Shutdown....................................................................................25 Section Harmonic Phase EMO Connector Anchorage SEMI S2-0200.........................................................................................28 Conductor SEMI S2-0200 EMO...........................................28 of
Table of Conditioned Section Troubleshooting/Maintenance Troubleshooting Conditions....................................................................30 Source TVSS Harmonic Rountine Section Service and Technical Service Assistance.................................................................33 Customer Service Product Warranty Section Specifications EMO S2-0200 EMO Revision History..........................................................................................38 Specifications.................................................................................................39
Conditioned reliability, and please of the following information finished, If about phase of the operation, or of this the immediately
Section This the installation, and operation of electrically this the following Section The section which currently reading the and the location of information to troubleshoot, and the Section Safety: This section information the and of the Section Product This section the function and of where used, and the both and optional features. It and inspecting the and installation. Section Preparation: This section information and the Section This section locating and the grounding, input and operating and the to and service. Section This section of the the information to the and its Section Optional This section information which as with or options. If this section the information to the Section Troubleshooting and This section the information to the troubleshoot or malfunction, and to the when Section Service and Support: This section the information to service and the Section Technical Specifications: This section technical specifications. the information this section information and the this the installation, operation, and of the to sections of this the of completing Conditioned
ANSI Warning Notices to reasonable the of this fire, injury, and/or death. Please and This with county, and/or If about phase of or operation, the immediately While this These clearly with the shown below. Please C IO tially atio or o It to ractices. This electricity and high the This with lockout/tagout the input to the tion, and/or This with interlock which the when such the of the input where input attached. the such classified SEMI S2-0200 as This to and assured to the (and locking and the to follow as as intentionally defeating the built the the features this and the to death or serious injury. and This with locations to to information. The and their locations include the following: Conditioned IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS IN ation hich ath or serious injury. Section ntly atio hich eath o seriou
Section On both the top of the and approximately the the following Each to With the front of the turned off and to the input conductors the of the the these classified as SEMI S2-0200 This to the to off and to the the facility Doing the the these SEMI S2-0200. PLEASE NOTE: operation, internal of the become This to the protective when the the another warning to the shown the once of the of and the and burns. This the CAUTION HOT SURFACE and attached to the of the isolation the Conditioned burn. Wear protective servicing internal WARNING LINE VOLTAGE PRESENT WITH MACHINE POWER OFF. of shock or burn. Turn off and facility servicing. WARNING
Interlocks This incorporates interlock that as secondary of protection Protective and warning protection. the or from the to the the The consists of interlock switches each located the of the top of the The switches as normally connected to the of the input A. Activating of these interlock switches VDC to the of the The VDC from fused the secondary. The from to that the function the of The interlock switches shown the found subsection of Section of this If the as of the the input to the of the the these classified as SEMI S2-0200 This to the the Lockout/Tagout The of the with clearly with arrow. The of the the to proceed. B. the the arrow the causing the to the right revealing to locking as shown C. The lockout/tagout to from the while service or With the lockout/tagout the of the input where input to the the these classified as SEMI S2-0200. the classified as from the the Conditioned C Section
Section Conformance with Applicable and This and with county, and regulations. the United States, these to, those of the NFPA, NEC, and other of the United States, other and regulations apply. with regulations the responsibility of the or of the Product Product to the of or the of of caused the Product include and The of this to that and that from of instructions or to of associated with the The this to that the correct, and the the or and It the responsibility of the and of this to thoroughly and the that the Those servicing, and the should warning both the and the and the of the installation, or service of this Statutory geographically the United States, the of created Uniform Products (MUPLA) the states. there further information the products that apply the or country where the warranty Section of this concerning and of merchantability and Emergency Information occurrence from the please Normal business hours to EMEA, should directed to Normal business hours operations to GMT. of business hours, the hours Conditioned
Welcome to the of from around the from the of clean, That's why the Conditioned (CPC). The CPC that high that these products to readily as other three-phase conditioning products. The CPC of products the functionality and flexibility that business solution-both and the Product The CPC to high-frequency and known as or from the AC that The the and the three-phase the CPC protection phases that Sophisticated to the profitability of business, and their operation. Each to power-quality differently, properly protected of These include found" service downtime, higher and life. The CPC conditioning incorporates these three low-impedance isolation The the "heart" of the conditioning It protection to ground) and the to National The isolation specified to the of supply and that throughout the The (phase to and phase to phase) from the These the that caused neighbors" motors, HVAC and other The of the input (primary) of the isolation This that within the facility of to and with the connected Although the to catastrophic which or of the protective If such or of the TVSS the front Section instructions to TVSS LED Conditioned Section Product
Section Product These include LED, TVSS phase), lockout/tagout the front input interlocks, casters, and the CPC offers of options as below. Optional This option and This option of (each with over-current protection) to the CPC Distribution This option and It from which the distributed to branch each with their EMO This optional of the EMO off) It the EMO to or the EMO of or facility. Section anchorage This options of the seismically active (earthquake areas. included the found Section harmonic The GPI with optional the CPC reduce the fifth harmonic of or harmonic to other harmonics the information. If the CPC with optional Section of this information location and operation. This option and with secondary the of as from the CPC with functions ION and This ION and functions including loss/phase and protection. Conditioned
of three phase phase factor, and If the CPC with the option, this The below of and options each of GPI S= O= Option NA Not ABC10.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC15.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC20.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC25.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC30.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC35.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC45.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA ABC55.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA NA ABC65.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA NA ABC75.0-XDXY NA NA NA NA NA ABC85.0-XDXY NA ABC100.0-XDXY NA ABC125.0-XDXY NA ABC150.0-XDXY NA ABC175.0-XDXY NA ABC200.0-XDXY NA ABC230.0-XDXY NA ABC250.0-XDXY NA ABC300.0-XDXY NA Conditioned TVSS Interlocks EMO On LED Section Product Lockout/Tagout Cord Casters Anchorage EMO Distribution Harmonic
Section Preparation IMPORTANT inspected and tested to leaving the factory. CPC products Please the and operating satisfactorily. If to the with the shipper. Concealed with the shipper within Immediately the to inspection or the or apply to there or or or to tight The CPC and the consists of with housing. and the consists of four and top. and the following to the from the the from the The attached to the with or the and them from the The they of securely. The and protection and the to follow this to or other Wear protective the protective and cushion and of the cleat the front of the the screws. the front the screws. The the allowing the to off the the to the and You screwdriver (preferably and or Follow these the top of the the screws that the top to the four of the Once the screws the top off the and to Conditioned
assembly top of the to tightly the the assembly removing the screws that through the front and back the of the The and to The front and back of the should The front and back to the and to the with screws the and of the the screws from the and them to The the screws that them to the the screws from the of the and the to The attached to the with or the and them from the The wrapped cushion and then protective to from the the outer and cushion from the and of them the the CPC as as pounds The the from the The free of the and with and height and rating of tons to the inches off the IMPORTANT the with the from the front. Doing the front the with the the or back. Once clear of the the from the and off to the with the of the The shipped with the threaded the turning them of This allow the to its when lowered to the The lowered to the and the to inspect the If the inspection proceeding. If the to its location its casters. Once its the and the Conditioned Section Preparation
Section Preparation to outer front cleat the front cleat and front the the and the easily off the and the to Top Right should assembled the shown. through to the which and and to IMPORTANT of the and the CPC and operation Once and the Conditioned
Location performance, the CPC should within of the protected to the information shown the specifications accompanying this Allow inches of free of the CPC to The to high efficiency and cooled. If the facility that that the the of the ETA the found Section of this and The weatherproof and location. winter months, the from to that the enough to to its and that and the The to the top and the applications). It to the to interference with the and/or the internal Top punched or anywhere the top within of It to within of the to interference with the of the the Section of this Rear the Section of this allowable rear locations. to or top or the or with mounted the or other or the or other when to the The caused or installation. Please or punching to follow this the warranty. the Section of this allowable locations. Conditioned Section
Section The the back the top and the front easy to installation. The first. Turn the counterclockwise and the attached to the of each with and lock-washer. The electrically grounds the to the operation. This of the to the and lock-washer. It that the reconnected to the when the replaced. to the ground shock the of The back top and front threaded which once the Removing these allow the top, back, and front to Locations the to the top, rear, or with the Although accommodated. The information, and instructions locations. the of the isolation the with of of If the the with rated the to the rating the input If the isolation of accepting input through the of changeable the with to shipped, attached to the of each the front The the type, and input Based the type of shown the or information installation, the the The and shipped to the input specified the the placed. If the input information shown the match the and the the the primary, then the input the to with the installation. the who Conditioned
the the The and shipped to the input specified the the placed. If the input information shown the match the the to the and type. If with and with primary, to the included the found Section of this operating such as input characteristics, and to to the the field to of to the to to the front of the This accomplished the as Once the as follows: The front attached to the of the with screws each of the the screws each of the front and the from the (If with optional or to the connecting the to the the This the The front It the the screw the right of the and the to the the front of the hinged cover protects the DIP switches. the cover to to the DIP switches. DIP switch using the instructions included the found Section of this the or NOTE: CPC low-impedance isolation first of this typically high "inrush" that approach the While to to of the If this the Conditioned Section
Section to of locations input other customers specify input to the of commonly found the United States. The CPC of or primary. The The input or of the from or the which the they reduce and the from the input the CPC with higher input reduces input and further reduces allowing the of conductors and the the input If the primary, the match the with to of The secondary of the three phase conductors, and ground. Conditioned the of the isolation the input The selected If necessary, to the input the the locations shown to the accomplished or the found Section of this information the to of the allowable input the that the information this input information shown to the top of the as shown to the
The secondary of the (three phase conductors, and ground). (as shown to the right) to This accomplished the and the secondary. the information found Section of this information the location of the secondary and the to or IMPORTANT! directly to the the secondary. If the CPC with the Option, to to the secondary the the and associated Grounding The of ground both the input and the of the to fire and to If ground or incorrectly, with the this corrected. to this warning fire or shock the of The CPC family to information the of the National as NEC proceeding, please grounding of the This operation as as and fire Grounding and confusing. the about or The National (NEC), as which the to ground. The of such the of to ground and the of to The the as U.S. and Conditioned Section
Section locations connecting the input and ground conductors Sections and that follow. These sections cover the information to to both the and to the Please both sections the sophisticated greatly when of the and from It recommended that of the this and its "clean" ground. Non-isolated input grounds Dedicated input grounding conductors They isolated or non-isolated. If isolated input ground should insulated, isolated that routed directly back to the service panel-board. The ground of the connected to grounding or to building that grounding or and to the ground. grounding consulting the Information Processing Publication (FIPS published Connecting input to the of switchgear or containing with or death. Working switchgear classified as SEMI S2-0200 to input to follow lockout/tagout to service to this conductors connected to the input of the Strict with the following lockout/tagout the CPC to when input and the with the lockout/tagout classified SEMI S2-0200 as and the If the the reduced to Lockout/Tagout Procedure (tagout) should to that input to the Conditioned The of the the (OFF) to proceed. The with hinged clearly with arrow. the the arrow the the to the right. This to locking as shown to the right. locking the and
The three-phase input the L1, L2, and L3 directly the shown to the right. The ground the PE the of the immediately the shown to the right. to to the the of the the these, with other information, the included Section of this the the the The connected to the the secondary shown to the right. ground connected to the This ground bond. The secondary with that allow the to to the of of to input The shipped with the to the If to the the conductors and the to the Section IMPORTANT NOTE! If this with the or the option, to the associated to the secondary the the and conductors With Optional Cord/Output CPC and with optional input cords. CPC of with optional If with input cord, the instructions apply. If with the instructions apply. to If with both and and operation. the matches the Conditioned Section
Section Restoring Service completed (or or operations finished) to the service. these the following that tight. that the and other internal free of shavings, and front, top, rear, or that the lockout/tagout the the lockout/tagout the front of the attached to the of each with and lock-washer. The electrically grounds the to the operation. This reconnected to the when the replaced. to the ground shock the of the Once the to apply and its operation. the following If with the option, the the front clockwise to the On or that the LED and the TVSS extinguished (this the the front If with the basic or the option, that the and If and below. If with option, to Section the the the that phases A, B, and C that phases A, B, and C each the the match the of the NOTE: The the of the the of the or the input the connected This recommended to the Conditioned
(NOTE: the the the This characteristic within the once applied. that slightly higher than the input (NOTE: further information or monitors, the owners this the with option.) the to the the following the shown the with recommended the operation of the and the If with the basic or the option, the the to and/or the following: Phase A, B, and C properly indicated other functions operating normally. included as Section with this the with the option.) If properly and of the operations The protection to the that the overloaded reason, the off, from the connected Shutdown To shutdown the first off connected loads. Then off the rotating the of the front counter-clockwise to the off that the front LED extinguished. then Conditioned Section
Section Harmonic The while the operating. the of harmonic located and corrected, the immediately. NOTE: The CPC properly and conditioning the harmonic tripped. The with to the to the harmonic of the facility If with this option, ION the front to the input The ION and phase and factor, THD, and other RMS the of the information about optional If with this option, the ION the front The ION shown X. The ION of operating such as factor and It the to reactive and to harmonic and wealth of other information or The ION waveforms and and them to or when with of optional interface Optional interfaces 10Base-T or RS-232, RS485, or the front the of the information about optional Conditioned The harmonic located below the secondary the of the to the This It harmonic from the or the facility. harmonic to harmonics of the to this the of harmonic the facility To accomplish this, the the front Should the facility harmonics, the
Phase Loss/Low Detection and Protection with the option, the ION Protection from the of or input phases Protection occurring or phases (Protection from optionally Should phase or the ION the within of the this off the Then the GPI input to to the The ION then to the that caused the If the immediately once this that the or phase that originally caused the and corrected to restoring operation. other than the ION the instructions or NOTE: phase that below of phase The from phase of the secondary. If the appears to this that phase should exercised, however, as phases and C EMO If with the EMO option, the with of terminals as the EMO to or as to the EMO found or The EMO TB1 and located the the of the immediately the as shown to the right. The EMO clearly connected to EMO the of EMO or anywhere the the of the Anchorage with anchorage the the of SEMI S2- The anchors to allow the to withstand of of the acting its of anchorage to the from activity and possibly the found Section of this information and showing physical anchorage locations, and of locations. anchorage and restricted to SEMI Conditioned Section
Section SEMI S2-0200 the offers of the that incorporates of the basic family that the to the of the and International (SEMI) S2- Included the SEMI S2-0200 EMO off) input mically active locations), and that or the specified SEMI S2- and with every Choosing the SEMI S2-0200 option the following features: Conductor SEMI S2-0200 that the when operations, geographic that activity. The chorage option to and of the and the seismically active locations tions, the anchorage as option. with SEMI S2-0200, however, SEMI that the input conductors with to their from the input to the of the anchorage with the SEMI S2-0200 option, the with the from to and near the top of the At- tached to this containing the input tors to the Once the input conductors attached to the input the should to the to the that the input conductors greatly or the insulation Doing to or which covered the warranty. SEMI S2-0200 EMO The EMO off) with the SEMI S2-0200 option from the EMO to the incorporation of to increase the of the SEMI-S2-0200 EMO please the schematics schematic), EMO and (SEMI S2-0200 EMO) found this The EMO operates as normally (N.O.) that, when Conditioned
activated the of interlock switch or EMO DC to the of the input the EMO the DC from AC the secondary SEMI S2-0200 the EMO from the EMO. The SEMI S2-0200 EMO operates as normally closed (N.C.) which DC to the input Activating the EMO or interlock the and DC activating the The DC from AC from the of the input first the GPI the that the tripped first the to to the EMO This accomplished to located the front The tified with the DEPRESS BUTTON WHILE ENERGIZING MAIN BREAKER The to the EMO from the input of the input which the DC to the of the input GPI with SEMI S2-0200 option, follow these that the input rotated to farthest that the EMO its operating of arrow to Press and the to while rotating the input to the right that the LED the front Release the to The operating normally and Please the schematics and of this information. If with the SEMI S2-0200 option reason (including to EMO or interlock activation), the input of the input and the terminals of the to switch. Working the these classified SEMI S2-0200 as The reduced to and the facility The recommends locking and the facility whenever to the Conditioned Section
Section Troubleshooting/Maintenance Conditions Troubleshooting which or service to troubleshoot the function of the Each individually These four Source switchgear or TVSS LED or Harmonic with option) Source The low-impedance isolation first of this typically high "inrush" that approach the While to to of the If this the troubleshooting this the the front the of You effectively troubleshoot this each of the following areas. They or Capacity If the amount of the of the the front to as of the or too to the off switches and to the turning the to the counter-clockwise and then rotating back to the clockwise On If this the to (with to from the or troubleshoot the to Phase or Occurrence This the front to the with the option. To troubleshoot this the to the counter-clockwise and then clockwise to the On If the phase loss/low temporary the once operating and the ION to the phase or from the If the immediately once this that the phase or If phase or found to the following sections information further troubleshooting Conditioned
to of and the both the facility and the input these tions, the classified as SEMI S2-0200 and both locations to the EMO Activated The front EMO closed once depressed. that the EMO turning the the of the arrows and allowing to back to its operating If the with the EMO option, further that EMO buttons or connected EMO activated. Once EMO buttons and the to the counter-clockwise and then clockwise to the On If the once immediately, the further instructions. Interlocks Activated both of the and Both and securely with the or improperly attached allow the to and the front Once the the to the counter-clockwise and then clockwise to the On If the once immediately, the further instructions. TVSS If or TVSS that the TVSS These protected The TVSS and associated located the the right below the isolation as illustrated to the right. The TVSS attached to the of the mounting Three associated with the The function as to light the front should or of the The TVSS and or both as scribed Section The continuity ordinary ATQ20, IR, VAC, 20A or Once the replaced, the as Section to the Once completed, the to the clockwise On If or of the TVSS the once This that the TVSS and the to Conditioned Section Troubleshooting/Maintenance
Section Troubleshooting/Maintenance Harmonic the The its reactive exceeded. The without the of the the of harmonics located and the to once as as If of the harmonic and this of high harmonic within the facility which investigated and corrected. Routine the CPC to function reliably years. the which the used, however, cleaning and This cially the CPC cooled, to from the should from the easily with ordinary as often as to clear and from the To the to the as Section and the as Section to Section when completed the to service. Conditioned If with harmonic option, the incorporate harmonic One characteristic of such that they to harmonics of whether the the or the facility. that the and the facility together reactive than the rated to that reason, with the harmonic option include to the from reactive of its The located the front as to
Technical and Service Assistance North and South America, the offers toll-free technical and service hours through to EMEA, the international headquarters the United UK business hours to GMT. the of of business hours, the phone hours phone Technical and service to www.etasys.com clicking the Technical You ownership of the the Customer Service Should to service please the following information from the attached to the of the To service With this information hand, the the to service. the service Units to the Authorization (RMA) This clearly the and accompanying Unauthorized shipments refused. Units to shipped to the Additional charges to from Product Warranty The warrants its (known as the to free from and workmanship of years from the of The repaired or option) this warranty The or implied, of merchantability, performance, or otherwise. The or of or of business from or malfunction of the Warranty that abused, or repaired unauthorized or where of The the and of the purchaser and of other warranties. of the Conditioned Section Service and
Section Specifications CPC Conditioned
Conditioned GPI EMO Section Specifications
Section Specifications GPI S2 EMO Conditioned
The of the from the shown the and the the from the to the to or Then the and reconnecting and the IMPORTANT NOTE: BE SURE TO ADJUST THE TAPS ON ALL THREE PHASES. Conditioned IMPORTANT: ALL WORK TO BE DONE BY LICENSED ELECTRICIAN TRANSFORMER SECONDARY Section Specifications
Revision History Next SM5505 Conditioned Conditioned
Conditioned ETA IL SM5505- ETA