250R OWNERS MANUAL E-TON
READ and UNDERSTAND this owners Both the and the should completely and this owners operating this vehicle. This owners the operation of the vehicle. NO This vehicle operation ONLY the The and seat the ONLY. It to the vehicle. ADULT and Instruction REQUIRED. This vehicle MUST NOT operated youth without and instructions. without E-TON that both the and the ATV instruction ALWAYS Wear Protective Clothing While operating this vehicle, the wear protective clothing. Protective with shield, and and should when operating this vehicle. OFF ROAD ONLY This vehicle and off-road only. or and OBEY State and and Each and agency and ATV operations. It the owners responsibility to know, and these and SPEED RESTRICTION Devices This vehicle with to change, or these operating ATV Capacity ETON years and RXL-50M RXL-70 RXL-90 years and RXL-90R CXL-150 years and RXL-150R VXL-250R years and Notices
Notes Both the and youth everything this operating this vehicle. This vehicle the only. NO PASSENGERS should allowed this vehicle. This vehicle free off-road areas. this vehicle or If becomes to or the vehicle should This vehicle MUST NOT operated without and instruction. DO NOT this vehicle while the of or other that or coordination. Doing serious or death. vehicle and other vehicles with whom READ the owners ALWAYS wear shield, and protective clothing while operating this
NEVER this vehicle properly and inspection of vehicle. wires, and other that Inspect the throttle and and operation. the the and inspect further hour than back LEARN TO RIDE this vehicle properly and teach the of vehicle. E-TON recommends ATV first vehicle. WARM UP with This to and cramping and other
NEVER REFUEL this vehicle when to vehicle. and or or the to or while vehicle. vehicle of NEVER the vehicle The from the CARBON MONOXIDE which breathed high HOT! The and vehicle become operation. Touching these burns. that and HOT know that they
Additional ATV education ATV than years of age Don't Follow of the ATV Wear with protection four-wheeled and free the where with might as recommended the to and the of the and and the of ATV the ATV and the physical, and emotional of the and wear bright clothing to increase conspicuity. and of them If around. You that to the daylight. Carry first-aid with Carry and supply with Carry to and mechanical vehicle field should include the following items; o the o wire, cords, o possibly locking o and Inspection Inspecting the of ATV each to the chance of and the of It performance of ATV. Follow the owners to inspection and of ATV. ATV years of Watch thin which camouflaged further hour than ATV Capacity ETON years and RXL-50M RXL-70 RXL-90 years and RXL-90R CXL-150 years and RXL-150R VXL-250R years and
VIN RFZ______________ (VIN) located the front of the the front mounted the Switches Locations Locations of and features Switch Throttle Headlight Stop switch Headlight switch located the of the the crankcase housing. Horn DC Accessory outlet Selector Gear Cooling Rear
Stop Switch The switch switch located the To and the this switch the The vehicle with switch which the from the To the switch to the the the grounded the from firing. This switch as or switch. with manually operated This operated the the of the switch. first the the the closed or the the to the right or off). Throttle The throttle located the right-hand below the To the throttle right the and to increase To reduce the and the reduce The of the throttle the throttle increase the throttle to allow to obtained. To increase the throttles increasing the the throttle counter clockwise. To the throttles the the throttle clockwise.
The throttle should there free the the throttle to and Rear This vehicle with front and The front the the right-handle The foot located the right foot of the The the vehicle. the to vehicle front and to while to apply too to front that the and causing of If the front and lightly reduce the the front they and to The front shown the below, located the right hand of the The the to the right and when the to the The should when the and when the The located top of the of the seat. The to from the as used. The to the and the while operating the The and and clear of obstructions the to normally. You the and blowing through the If through the and the and or them. Every the the tears and Clean or the becomes or torn. The to of the to the to DO NOT allow or other to the when the or to the
the to the to the or The capacity including of unleaded with of or higher. NEVER REFUEL YOUR ATV when the HOT. turning off the HOT fire. The with three located the of the below the seat. The three PRI, ON and RES. With the the ON or RES flow the flowing to the as as the turned ON the of the to switch to the RES the as as to of ALWAYS CHECK YOUR ATV You further hour ATV than The PRI of the allows to flow freely from the bypassing the The PRI when the from the or vehicle It the to correctly allowing the to to where the serviced. DO NOT the vehicle with the the PRI of ATV with to and from the and the or each and each the or The should every hours of and the of each season. To the first the to the ON or RES Then the from the of the
turning the counter clockwise. the the to the from the mount. the the the mount and the turning clockwise tight. Turn the to the PRI to the with and the to the ON operating Inspect the from the to the and the from the to the that shows of wear or cracking and that DO NOT or the the or fire. Checking the ATV type to and cool the It to to and/or of the The located the right of the and through the the footrest To the the turning counter clockwise completely free of the The of the indicated the The should the and high the If the enough SAE 10W-30, to the to DO NOT the as this or with the off and cool Checking the while the reading. the with the allow to splash from the crankcase causing burns. The capacity E-TON recommends of SAE 10W-30 used. Warning The with located the The light when the the the MUST STOP the and the to DO NOT allow the to with Doing to This covered the warranty the each and each operation.
the The every 3000KM and the of each season to the The following should when the catch directly below the crankcase. the crankcase located the of the crankcase the of the the located the right of the crankcase directly below the Allow the to completely the crankcase and to the crankcase with SAE10W-30 through the the and of recycling as Cooling The cooled Cooling accomplished from the through located the front of the If to the and free of and to overheating which or You to routinely the of the to cooling. The should each and the the of each season. of the cooling the from overheating and Coolant should years. Checking the With the ground, the front cover and that the the the and If the or below the to the to the Coolant should of and CAUTION: through the The
the while the and serious burns or other Coolant The should of and with rating of H68. The following chart the to to to -15F to -24F to -45F shipped with Coolant If consistently there the the and allow to reached operating Check the and hoses and or as Inspect cooling hose the of each season of such as cracking of of the hose cooling hoses least every years. Shifting The with C.V.T. and and gearing The located of below and to the seat. The three notched plate indicating selections of F, N and R F N R The of the indicated the directly below the It the three of F, N, and R. To both the and the the the N, To from to another, the to and while applying the rear or front the to the slightly the to allow the to One the completed
lightly apply to the throttle the and the light confirms the completed. If the while shifting the the The SAE85W-140 to and cool the and should each and or the of each season which first. The following should when the catch directly below the the located the of the the of the the located the right of the the Allow the to completely the and to the with SAE85W-140 through the the and to of recycling as Tires and inspection It to inspect and wheels and wear each Inspect each tears and Inspect the wheel and of the wheel from the bead.
or wheel found to ATV with or or of and which each and each operation. the when the cool. the that with ATV to the Tire Recommended Rear the of each season with NGK CR8E. Disconnect wire. Clean from around with or with wrench. the the to the screwing tight and then the wrench to screw the another turn. Inspect the or other as and cleanout: every of operation the should cleaned the wrench. of operation the to cleaned the the of the counterclockwise and Clean the with cleaning and the every years of operation the to the or wrench. the of the counterclockwise and and the
To the highest performance from and to reduce wear that the flow of the through to the to with and the operation the from the and to cleaned to the flow. The should cleaned every often or and the should The located the of the the front It about and attached to the crankcase with and the To the the cover. the from the the such as from the completely continuing. the clean completely saturated. the the Allow the to then the and cover. ATV with front and The front applying to the located the right-handle while the applying to the foot located the right foot of the of operation of The should inspected and tested each Inspection inspect the of Inspect the cracks and of that to operating the the to that the least covering of the as
SAE-J1703 Inspect and wheel and as Apply the the The should with the apply and least of clearance the and the It there than clearance or the firm the the Insect the wear and they and free of and service thick. that or below the service Inspect the cracks and as required. The with wear to when replacing. Apply light to the and the If hear high pitched sound, to The thickness DO NOT RIDE UNIT WITH WORN BRAKE PADS or DAMAGED ROTOR. Rear Inspection inspect the hose of or the the the the The should least when the the applying to the and trying to the If the rotates while the applied, and If the or when the purged from the the to properly.
to of and from the This the from and To the the cover the cover the to from top with SAE- J1703 DO NOT allow to the the cover as shown and cover and the to the purged of the and To the people to the following the to catch the the counter clockwise. Press the to from the While holding the the through the from the without then the and protection the pressing the the should firm and without
Chain The stretch with and To the the and the The amount of the should or Inspect the and worn, or teeth. as Inspect the or or as Chain the slightly and the to the the Once the to the the locking The should to wear and that the every hours of operation, or with high Throttle The throttle located the right- and operated the right- thumb. The and to the when from the To the the to the throttle the To the reduce the the or and the throttle to the automatically. the throttle
The should to allow free the throttle the throttle To the the locking of the and the wheel there the Tighten the locking to the The of the the throttle screw to throttle the throttle screw locking and the throttle screw clockwise to reduce the throttle reducing the of the Turning the screw counter clockwise increase the throttle increasing the of the the screw locking when the throttle established. NOTE: includes that to the of the to the the CPSC the of the the Battery The located the seat and to the The type that The should from the vehicle when and the to recharge the to charge the the battery, to the to the and the to the The should three years or when charge. the battery, of to If the to replaced. There the of the to the from loads. If and the the the If and the the
The with which displays information about the operating of ATV. Information displayed WARNING! WARNING! first the ignition the should as of the LED If LED to light when the first turned should the assembly. The buttons. The the and the right the ATV Break ATV as with other internal combustion This allows the to seat and wear properly without which the first of ATV throttle of first of should of and This that the and of that occurred the than of the light to allow the to seat to the and Inspection The following each operating Checking ATV and from serious and costly repairs. operations and and and throttle operation and switch operation. free and smooth operation. Check and other Inspect or lights and switches operation. wearing clothing and protective Starting Procedure The following each
the and the the switch the N, the the switch and turn to the ON Turn the switch to the ON the to the or Apply front or Apply to the throttle Press the the should within seconds of the If the to the following. switch ON. ON. switch the N the to the or ATV ATV should that this that the free of and other that of with authorities regulations the of ATV. the footrests and the while operating ATV. Doing the of the ATV following the and allow the to releasing the the increasing the throttle the Turning ATV Learning to ATV to learn to and the throttle to allow the to properly. turn, the the of the and than the of the turn. Since the of rotation, enough to ATV the turn. To properly, the of the and to the of the while the outer the throttle to throughout the turn. If this turning the to straight If this release the throttle to allow the to or ATV ATV Turn the to the OFF to the the switch to OFF the locking Turn the to the OFF the to unauthorized or theft of ATV.
250R Specifications cooled Bore Ratio BHP or EPA EPA Starting (C.V.T. Fwr/Rev Chassis High Seat Height Clearance Rear Arm Shock Rear Tires Rear with Tire Rear
Rear Chain Battery 12V-9AH GTX12-BS Unleaded SAE 10-30W SAE weight change) NGK NGK-CR8E Carrying Capacity N/A Capacity Rear (Optional) Wgh Towing (Optional) Capacity Wgh years Colors to
250R Throttle C Chain I,L every month Tires C.V.T. every month every month Battery I,C C C Clearance Coolant every years Coolant C Inspect, Clean, or as C= Clean Records Inspection Month Notes: Months Years Months
250R
Warranty ETON AMERICA, LLC. LIMITED VEHICLE WARRANTY ETON America warrants ETON vehicles authorized to from and workmanship, to the following and New vehicles authorized to covered this of months from the of There service or specifically from this with warranty Items and that specifically from this warranty caused vehicle operation. or to specifications or repairs or service firm. of repairs or to specifications. caused to factory scheduled service which as of caused the of or and/or to The following wear specifically from warranty coverage: Tires Normal wear item Seat and hand
ETON AMERICA, LLC. LIMITED VEHICLE WARRANTY service the responsibility of the and the warranty the of or the should vehicle to authorized without and within of thirty, of the of the warranty repairs authorized of business. or other which to warranty service, the responsibility of the owner. repairs covered this warranty to the servicing only, ETON America, and authorized warranty repairs. and/or ETON America of other or to warranty repairs. It the customer/buyers to with the the service to properly serviced to It recommended that the to themselves with the and to the operating The and items the and to to the customer. This warranty authorized ETON the United States only. the service, ETON America, service first with and or service with service or repairs. the service and vehicle to America The stated the only offered and backed ETON America, and other or authorized to or offer or or allow or You with or agency Rights from to and other rights offered this warranty. ETON America warrants comply with US
Notes: