high performance, balanced-armature of or High-fidelity Noise-isolating earphones
instances eartip off the ear when the earphone.If this should and the eartip easily removed,it recommended that promptly or other professional.A to the eartip. or physician ear the eartips,or prolonged Etymotic earphones sounds. It to in-ear earphones while operating vehicle, operating machinery,bicycling or to excessively levels.Research confirms that earphones that the ear allow to levels.Noise-induced hearing function of the sound and the of sounds.A sealed eartip and allow of
earphones Assortment of eartips with Included C A. Earphones B. C.
the earphones to and eartips the earphones shock protection. the to the earphone from the or the ear. Clean or eartips to others. Cleaning and eartips their elasticity. performance and eartips months. and eartips regularly. To eartips: from the earphone. Clean with and the eartip back the earphone.
The eartip that the choice,but MUST SEAL ear. If easily hear others when the or choose another eartip. eartips the fits securely the of the earphone. Selecting incorrect
Sound and isolation the ear www.etymotic.com. the earphone while and the back of the ear. the earphone the ear while eartip: eases insertion. eartip: or the about seconds while the expands to tight the ear eartip: ear earphones with twisting motion to the the to the earphones. Insertion
Etymotic earphones that smooth the and ear from the earphones.An located the of the earphone and when the eartip If becomes clogged,it should replaced. reduce earphone The should or the sound the tool to the the the to the eartip. Press to the
Etymotic Research twenty-five in-ear research,precision and Etymotic hearing Etymotics products and others who sound Etymotic to the ear. Research,Inc. warrants this or workmanship of years from the of purchase from authorized Etymotic or or the its option within the warranty to service facility. This warranty of other warranties,expressed or implied,including,but to,any warranty of merchantability or ETYMOTIC RESEARCH INC. Martin IL of Etymotic Research,Inc. ER005201-B Research Inc. Warranty