C C INC. earphones Bluetooth High-fidelity Noise-Isolating Earphones TABLE OF CONTENTS Whats included and Charging Earphones..................................................... Overcharging Battery Shutoff Charging the the Earphones On On/Off Troubleshooting Insertion/Removal of Earphones................................................................ Insertion Earphone Cleaning Specifications Warranty.......................................................................................... FCC Information About Etymotic Research............................................................................
Whats Included Bluetooth earphones USB charging with phone eartips eartips eartips eartips Carrying instructions items and www.etymotic.com and USE PICTURES HERE right and earphones Earphones clearly the ear and the right ear. users found that the earphones with the earphone the right ear and If to the of recorded the earphones that and right reversed, the earphone the and Previous Track Next Track Ety8 and the paired together the factory. To the earphones with another Bluetooth Follow the instructions of the other with the following instructions the earphones. To allow earphones to found, they to the earphones off. Then and the ON about seconds. The LED the earphones The earphones or the Follow the instructions the other If requested,
the earphones with the the the the earphones, the This the highest the earphones. Charging the Earphones Charge the earphones least hour first charge from near- about hours. the LED charging the LED the If the off, the LED off when charging Overcharging It to overcharge the earphones. Battery to hours of the or other there than hour of the LED If the earphones turned there the earphones off Charging the The the the and Since the battery, of the reduce the of the the Earphones On with should OFF. Press the On/Play/Pause three seconds to the earphones The LED light when the earphones turned the the the earphones connected to the and the the LED The following to the from the earphone: Previous Track Next Track While the earphones the On/Play/Pause three seconds to the earphones off. The LED when the earphones turned off.
Troubleshooting through the earphones: the earphones and the If the shows its If the shows the TWICE. The the reception when the earphones the as the You the reception the to the earphone with on/off PTIONAL ACCESSORIES Insertion of Earphones the and eartips to the and isolation. Sound and isolation the eartips If the earphones to the the ear to or the other eartips with these earphones. and insertion the eartip insertion. earphone and the back of the ear. This straightens the ear to ease insertion. It helpful to the slightly. The earphone should and comfortably the ear eartip insertion eartip obtained with eartip. the the of the earphone and the earphone the ear about seconds while the expands to tight the ear achieved, suction created when the earphones. To motion to the the slightly to REMOVAL CHANGING FILTERS Earphone Ety8 Earphones that the and from the earphones. These white acoustic located the of the earphone and when the eartip the become they should replaced. reduce or the earphone The with which the to users. The should the or the sound SHOW with and arrows with Gently
[[[PROPER CARE earphones to or shock the earphones. the earphone shock protection. earphones from as this sound the the earphone to temporarily Normal usually the earphone the to from the or from the ear. the the of the cord. Clean or the white eartips to others. eartips regularly. reduce the earphone the become they should replaced. NE ISOLATION Cleaning The and eartips should cleaned regularly. the from the earphone. and to and from the eartip. and completely the eartip. With motion, the back the earphone fits securely eartips: eartips and with ones. physician or the eartips, or prolonged Ety8 Bluetooth earphones sounds It to earphones while operating machinery, or to the earphones Noise-induced hearing function of the sound and the of sounds. Decreased allow of reduction with Bluetooth earphones when the eartips the ear Well-sealed Etymotic earphones isolation with both and eartips. Research that when necessary to background the Reduction of surrounding with isolating earphones allows the to hear the of recordings which reduces the of noise-induced hearing ABOUT Specifications (these correct) SPECIFICATIONS to Acoustic polarity: +acoustic type: SPL input SPL (earphones): than than
Warranty Research, Inc. warrants this or workmanship of years from the of purchase from authorized or of purchase required. or the its option within the warranty to service facility. This warranty of other warranties, or implied, including, to, warranty of merchantability or FCC AND OTHER INFORMATION CAUTION: or the the authority to the This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. These to reasonable protection interference installation. operates that interference to TVs and to or such interference, the should or top of TV, PC or VCR; and, interference experienced, the farther from the TV or VCR often reduce or the interference. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following Increase the the and receiver. the or TV technician FCC Health and Information and receiver. It and to the to (RF) the Commission of the U.S. Government. The FCC established the amount of products their This and found to with the FCCs operation, the FCC RF when with the or this of other with FCC RF and should This with other About Etymotic Research, Inc. Etymotic Research Its to products to and hearing, years. New reflects to the of those with hearing and to the of and everywhere. and together than issued or Etymotic Research sound laboratory that includes three anechoic
chambers and Etymotic to the ear. Other Etymotic Research products ER-4 MicroPro Earphones ER-6 and Earphones ETYCOM phone headset hearing protection) ER-20 High Companion Mics Reduction ETYMOTIC RESEARCH INC. Martin IL www.etymotic.com of Research, Inc. The Earphones covered or of the following U.S. and other