Inc. California Mixing Release Revision
the of the right to this and the without or obligation. S5, PatchNet, R1, Clear Displays, Track DSC Surround, and of Inc. Inc. rights of this publication reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated without written of Inc. written and This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his or the that the right to the
these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this near Clean only with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding type and third The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched and the where they from the attachments/accessories the only with the or specified the or with the used, when the to from IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS The lighting with arrowhead within to the user to the of within the that of to of shock to The within to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the
this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the the to or normally, or WARNING TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPARATUS TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. this to or splashing and that with such as the To completely this from the AC the supply from the AC The of the supply readily operable. This with 120V AC input U.S.A. and other than U.S.A. and with this supply which with the country and cross-sectional of with than cord: This than supply cord. Disconnect supply cords servicing to shock. protection of fire, only with type and rating of protection type
5-B Mixing of of Chapter Introduction Chapter New Chapter Quickstart to Common Chapter Application Table of to This of the DF64 and I/O..............................................................19 Additional 5-B and CD............................................................................25 and Microphone........................................................28 Directory..................................................................................................31 Operations PatchNet I/O and Patching and
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Source Selection..........................................................57 Section and Format.........................................58 Access Clear..................................................................................68 Momentary, and Selection..............................................................68 PFL............................................................................69
5-B Mixing Chapter CM402 Section and Section Select Routing Section Introduction to 5-B and Masters.....................................................83 Mon and On/Off...........................................................................86 Unity Copy to Copy to to and
5-B Mixing Chapter and Strips Chapter and Format Strips........................................................................................................89 and to Strips or Features........................................................................97 Function Rotary Touch-Sensitive and Wave Copy and Processing Inputs.......................................................................................101 and and Patch Patch Mixing Functions Routing Group..............................................................125 Assign to
5-B Mixing and Snapshots Chapter GPI/O Group...............................................................125 Clear Group................................................................126 Format Masters............................................................................126 or Format Masters..............................................128 New Snapshots...............................................................................................133 New Snapshot Snapshot....................................................................135 Snapshot Snapshot Snapshot....................................................................136 GPI to Turn the Monitors........................143 to Turn On the
5-B Mixing to to Stop Switcher and On....147 Switcher and Follow
5-B Mixing Typical 5-B New PatchNet Cabling Microphone assignment New operations buttons Simplified MADI routing I/O and of I/O Selecting Mics Patched to R-1 and patched and ?graphic with CM401 and Source CR and of
5-B Mixing Comms:Talkback Comms:Slate/Osc Access section and with reduction right and section showing CR and CM402 Section Select Routing CM401 Section with and (right) The with and assignment Assign section Select Rotary and Processing In/Out (right) EQ and and and
5-B Mixing GRP and MAIN switches Routing Section Routing and Flow Snapshots Follow
5-B Mixing
5-B Mixing GP and Activation GP and Activation Used GPI/O Processing of
5-B Mixing Operation Chapter Introduction to This Congratulations purchase of 5-B, high-performance and applications. 5-B to professionals who the highest 5-B the choice serious that with easy-to-use interface. and to the 5-B tion. the of and writ- and the to to everyone. to 5-B than about that reading this that everyone this introduction its Chapter features this software revision. The the following Chapter Quickstart to Common the to features. Chapter Application PatchNet, and Chapter CM401 Section section and Chapter CM402 Section the select, select, and routing Chapter and the Chapter and Strips the physical of the to and the Chapter and Format to and Format Masters. and Snapshots to to the and to tions (Snapshots). GPI/O to the to 5-B.
5-B Mixing Introduction to the PDF The PDF of this learning while included that to those with The the as continuously of while reading. Click heading to to that Click to that heading to subheadings. Click the to the subheadings. The of and of active to their Select the hand allow to the heading and fin- Then to to that and active Allow the hand to the reference, and to follow the reference. the and right arrow the top to back and forth This to follow reference and to the from which reading. the item from the to search subject. This as the the or the the top to This helpful when examining graphic or the text easy reading or to the PDF. This free
5-B Mixing Introduction of the DF64 and I/O The DF64 5-B processing: EQ, record, and 5-B DF64 with SH612 which the following characteristics: sections and inputs). The freedom to to and to the which easily and and I/O MADI. to and from the MADI through and The 5-B includes MADI and MADI MADI to of or These MADI and appear the internal router/patchbay. I/O information. Microphone Microphone the ML530 Mic/Line Interfaces. microphone Each ML530 connected to AM713 to MADI include to The MC524 the following outputs: and SLS and (each and four microphone The MC524 connected to MA703 MADI to
5-B Mixing Operation Introduction CM408 CM408 CM401 CM408 CM402 CM408 GPI/O MIDI I/F ML530 Mic/Line AM713 to MADI AM713 to MADI Ethernet MADI Typical 5-B Hardware Mics Computers DF64 Core C C FC726 FC726 Typical 5-B Paths Inputs: Mic, MC524 Interface MA703 MADI to MA703 MADI to
5-B Mixing Introduction Additional 5-B features professional that easily to of The to the DF64 and the through the The 5-B consists of CM401 section, CM402 section and CM408 and Strips CM408 Strips The the physical the that displays, and of the (EQ, routing, 5-B each of which assigned to Strip. Each and that the 5-B flexibility assigning and Format to or 5-B and as as Format (LCRS, and with Chapter and Format The following 5-B: (SC261) the software and from this Chapter Application Interface the microphone preamps, and the DF64 (SH612) This optional to MADI to to and from the DF64 NOTE: This to the 5-B to the to the and of the More information about of the covered the 5-B Technical
5-B Mixing Introduction 5-B With turned off: Turn the SC261 Computer, the SH612 Hub(s), I/O the MIDI Interface, the TT007 and the GP132. At the Ctrl and OK or There The booting to the With the booted and the SH612 Hub(s), I/O the MIDI Interface, and the GP132 turned Double-click the the Turn of the the Interface and the DF64s. If the the previously as to when reach If appear as Unexpected the user of the holding the Ctrl and clicking each of them. selected, selected as and the selection clicking OK Click to booting Since 5-B applications, the to the The properly to If this to that properly locked to To the Shutdown the PC with the Shutdown the About the CM404 and CM408 off the Interface and DF64 the PC. Since this the to first. the and Interface the DF64.(The DF64 off back The the of the
5-B Mixing Chapter New Terminology the instead of The to this The interchangeably. USB The 5-B USB memory and USB to titles and (unity, on/off, from to and from to It to from the from off to to match the of the There optional that allows of motion around the Function The the CM401 to This and Clear Assignment from The from holding the Wave Chan Select and selecting
5-B Mixing New
5-B Mixing Chapter Quickstart to Common and CD Select the of the and choose Click and the Click Titles->New and the Click the title and the title to the the As); with to Assign to Select from the the section. Select then Press Chan neighboring Strips. This assigns and to Strips and respectively. Patch the CD Select PatchNet from of the and I/O Select and Select the selection the of and The patch Selected Destinations New
5-B Mixing Quickstart to Common the CDs (AES or SDIF) to and the DM714. The DM714 should already connected to the first input the (SH612 Select then from the of the the and the CD the and CD Right. Click the selection to and to those patch to Selected Sources. Click the Patch Select I/O and the and and them CDL and CDR, respectively. Press the and Press the and then This the input the TFT the
5-B Mixing Operation Quickstart to Common PatchNet Route to the Press the On switches each CD CDL and CDR Select the and CDL and CDR Select the the to the Section, the CR Source to the sections the the Source the and Press both buttons and to and R, respectively. the Section, the CR to the the and Turn off the and the the Section to the
5-B Mixing Quickstart to Common and Microphone PatchNet From the of PatchNet, the Select MADI and selected). Select MADI and the MADI to Mic This the SH612 where the AM713 (which connected to the ML530) connected. Click Patch Assign to the Select from the Select then Press the Chan Strip. Press the the then the clockwise the input selected. Press the the of the to the input the to PatchNet PatchNet, I/O then and Select the selection the of The patch shows Selected Destinations Select
5-B Mixing Quickstart to Common Select the selection Mic-Line and the The patch shows Selected Destinations Click Patch The 48V, HPF, Microphone assignment
5-B Mixing Quickstart to Common Route to the microphone of the ML530. To to the the and the of the the Section, the CR Source to the sections the and the Source ON switch, its and the to the Section, the CR to the the and Turn off the and the the Section to the
5-B Mixing Application Chapter Application Directory The the of the to the following Directory formatting of and sections Chapter and Format and GPI/O Chapter GPI/O Summary of Each the following The Directory its own right the and The of these their within located Operations the Directory to those Existing Click the to of Drives. Single-click to the and the or the The with of that Select and the or the The with of that
5-B Mixing Application or Click the to of Drives. Select the and the or the The appears with of that To the New the right of the the the that appears. To existing or and the The appears.
5-B Mixing Application or These buttons the right of the Copying and to another the to Select from the Click the Copy to the selected The the Copy used. Click the to the the Directory to another If the selected the Copy of Click the to the selected the that appears. Click the to the selected The and to the Copy selecting, or creating The Copy and buttons the as
5-B Mixing Application New Click the to of Drives. Select the and the or the The appears with of that Select and the or the The appears with that Click the New the right of the The New appears. the and of the Creation buttons: the title and the title the of the the As). with from the the Title. to to the New
5-B Mixing Application Operations Existing Click the to of Drives. Select the and the or the The appears with of that Select and the or the The appears with that To the the and operations Title The buttons the top of each Directory easy to the currently from They Title and and the respectively. Select Click the Select to instantly back to the currently the This to the Directory without Notes Click the Notes to information about the Title.
5-B Mixing Application This section to basic PatchNet This includes the and outputs and connecting to inputs. The to and the tions patch. NOTE: To the of the and PatchNet, to other than the 5-B Therefore, to to the The following to the and included with each PatchNet and and and the The clicking the the PatchNet. This from the currently the the The warning appears to this action.
5-B Mixing Application The and that should PatchNet and to the this the outputs should to both the R- and DAW inputs. shows the patched to the R-1 inputs. If Source to R-1 and DAW), <MULT> pears the to the the of to the information. The following typical: Strips Strips
5-B Mixing Application The and as they appear their useful information. The following follow
5-B Mixing Operation Application PatchNet PatchNet that MADI routing to to ML530 Mic/Line AM713 AM713 DM714 FC727 Simplified MADI routing The following and I/O interface: The DM714 (AES/EBU-to-MADI) and MD704 (MADI-to-AES/EBU) of I/O. The AM713 and MA703 of I/O. The ML530 that from the the The FC727 and FC726 of such as the R-1, the 3348HR recorder, and high offer MADI interface. other however, that AES/EBU and their inputs and to and from MADI the PatchNet allows the and exactly the as The that once patch and recalled with the Title. NOTE: To the of the and PatchNet, to other than the 5-B Therefore, to to the Computer SH612 C DSP Core C Mics MC524 Interface MA703 MADI to MA703 MD704 FC727
5-B Mixing Application I/O the to the with the The to the inputs, the to the inputs, and the outboard ready to patched 5-B initially appears the PatchNet and correctly This information the these when with Title. To the 5-B and the PatchNet clicking the PatchNet the of the PatchNet four I/O, Inputs, and Click I/O the of the PatchNet then and from the below Click the field and type This where to the and I/O and
5-B Mixing Operation Application and shows the of the I/O The Selected: shows the and the and selected The of The four the right of the following Patch selected Unpatch the selected Clear selected Shows of patches of I/O There to MADI input/output the each carrying to or NOTE: To the of the and PatchNet, to other than the 5-B Therefore, to to the This MADI the ML530 Mic/Line Interfaces. Mic/Line Interface Patching and the ML530 each with high-pass and switching. The connected to AM713 to MADI which then nects to of the MADI the SH612
5-B Mixing Application Patching each ML530, PatchNet to which MADI input the associated AM713 connected to the appear the input each Mic/Line Interface, connected. the following each connected to AM713. The nected to the of the SH612 and respectively. Select Cabling PatchNet. Select the MADI sub-category. The shows Mic/Line Interfaces those wired to the Mic1 and Mic2). Click and through the to the right of Mic1 and Mic2. The highlight and the appear the Sources of the Select- below. Select the MADI Click and through the to the right of the and The highlight and the appear the Destinations of the lected: below. Click the Patch to the PatchNet the interfaces connected the input appear the top of the they connected to. and as MADI to the Mic/Line interfaces, clicking the and Patch the first and allow selection they unpatched. Patch Select the Sources Click from the four PatchNet Click Mic-Line from the This displays the of the from the first Mic-Line The Mic-Line Interface connected as of the
5-B Mixing Application Select Mic1-1Mic1-12 from the Mic-Line clicking and through the These highlighted These appear the Sources of the Selected: below. If there than appear to the right of the Select the Destinations PatchNet allows to from: to of to to routed to
5-B Mixing Application To the the Select the I/O and the and sub-category. Click and through the to C25C36 to The highlighted and the of input appear the Destinations the Selected: below Selecting Click the Patch to the The and appear the and spectively The and cleared from the Selected
5-B Mixing Application Mics Patched to Patch the Click the to the from the R-1. Click the sub-category. This where the R-1 Click and through the first the These highlighted and their appear the Sources the Selected: below. Select the I/O Select the and sub-category. Click and through the first the These highlighted and their appear the Destinations the Selected: below. Click the Patch to the The and appear the and spectively. The and cleared from the Selected: connecting the and the R-1 the I/O and shown
5-B Mixing Operation Application R-1 and patched Click the I/O and then the sub-category. and the first section) routed to inputs. The switched in/out from the and ?graphic every Section, there the which the Section back the The Section routed to the from the Section the CR Source
5-B Mixing Application Patching and Patching Patching The routed to the MC524 with 5-B and ready to to the inputs. The within PatchNet routing to other necessary. Click the I/O and the This shows Format L, C, R, X, Mon L, C, R, X, Mon L, Mon C L, Mon L, The allow injection to the paths. The I/O allows the The Sources includes the The tions includes the which patched to the feed from the Interface. The wired to the MC524 They and amplified to This the through AM713 to MADI To to the this patched to the the Destinations of the I/O category). which AM713 input the to and that to the
5-B Mixing Application Click the the of the to the At the of the the or buttons to the or respectively shows the shows busses and sections There sections of sections associated with
5-B Mixing Application The the of the The I and L to confused with another. Click the to the right of the to the section. The of indicated the there The busses that to the To the section: Click and the to Right-click of the selected to the The Format L, Surround L, C, R, Table Select the the and releasing the when the within that assigned right-clicking and selecting from Right-click to through the to reassign the existing from L, C, R, SL, SR, L, C, R, SL, SR, SC, L, C, R, LC, RC, SL, SR, SC,
5-B Mixing Application Click the the of the At the of the the to the the as and 5-B
5-B Mixing Application Click the the of to the This allows to which (Format the converted to (Format top). to to LCRS, the to and the and to the without To information the each Format usually to the Format this mandatory: One might choose to the the the bass below Click and type the amount of that the Format as routed to the Format Click and to amount selected Right-click selected to with options: Clear Clears routed. to their factory This There to and The Preset and buttons the top-right of the
5-B Mixing Application and the the the and top-screen flashes, the to inspect the the clicking the the of the Press the the DSP or PC that shows the appears that the Click and the should function normally the warning.
5-B Mixing Application Chapter and GPI/O Clicking the the right of the software information and shutdown
5-B Mixing Application
5-B Mixing Chapter CM401 Section The CM401 Monitors, and This chapter each SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN Copy Select EQ EQ Mon to: Chan C C ON ON CM401 TR Mon Source C Mon C Source TR Mon Source Mon Source L4 L3 L2 L1 Ctrl Comms Ctrl T2 T1 CR LR phase C CR Source Info CR Comms ON Ltch Tbk>MonD Tbk>MonC Tbk>MonB Tbk>MonA C
5-B Mixing CM401 Section The 5-B to There C Mon A, B, C, and Selector Source selection the to or The from their NOTE: normally the Strips routed and PatchNet they CR Mon Mon Mon C Mon
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Source Selection Comms The Mon AD and outputs selected the Press the Mon AD or CR Source buttons to shows the Mon Source VTR Mon Source CD Mon C Source VTR Mon Source Mon Source L4 Ctrl L3 L2 L1 Comms Ctrl T2 T1 CR LR phase C CR Source CR and Source the the of the to the type of (CD, VTR, or Sections. The type lights and within that type appear the Press the of the to The active lights and the appears the LCD the Mon AD Source Follow Sections Selection Sources MonD Source Track Track DAT DAT VTR DVD VTR CD Sources Info
5-B Mixing Operation CM401 Section Section and Format or The inactive which that selecting the previous the lected The appears to the of the first selected the LCD the selecting the theses explicitly selected Follow the the Mon AD follow the selected the monitors. section that allows The patched from the using PatchNet It to section and its the they appear the as or Press the CR the CR Source LCD to the
5-B Mixing Operation CM401 Section Switch CR On/Off Switch the the amount indicated CR Press to CR LR phase C CR Source CR Switch CR On/Off CR and and The the the the and using the or the output to the This the reduction that when the switch active. The switched off/on the switch or the switch. AD switched off/on the switch; they off when their LED CR Source Info LR Phase On C On On On On LCRS On On On
5-B Mixing CM401 Section CR The individually switched and off. The C and the when the the CR Source LCD light to active Mon The Mon the the and and active. Phase and Right CR The phase of the lecting the LR Phase the that The LR Phase lights to the phase with to the right. The LR Phase LED to the of the CR lights CR The and LCD The the CR There three within the Monitors: and The three switches below CR Source the three these switches the CR and which three CR Format The CR from their to with outputs the the right of the The software allows to options This allows insertion of Surround or the To the CR switch the of the CR Mon AD SLS and Each its and LCD that shows the and when The switch the on/off. These shown the of
5-B Mixing CM401 Section includes: microphone included). input of and The back mounted anywhere normally mounted the and the routed to Mon AD, the and the sections the function). the routing as when turned remotely to Mon AD. Each input and They routed to the and with The four and The or white The routed to the Group, or or to The function and with tone to NOTE: The routed directly within the Interface (MC524) they appear PatchNet. Access the the Comms Ctrl the Ctrl section to the Comms:Talkback of The of the and to (shown), and respectively. The Comms:Talkback bottom-right to the the the Comms:Talkback:Aux (right of this to which switches back to the shown the of
5-B Mixing CM401 Section to Mon A, B, C, or to Mon A, B, C, and or Comms Tbk>MonD Tbk>MonC Tbk>MonB On Tbk>MonA Tbk>Mons Info Comms:Talkback and On routed to Mon AD the Tbk>MonX the of the Comms:Talkback These Ltch active, which they on/off each they pressed. More than active and active the Tbk>Mons routed to the the CR and the the the DIM and the activating the and the to the the and On/Off Tbk>Mon momentary. On Tbk>Mon and to to Comms Info
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Press the right of the Comms:Talkback to the The apply to the as monitors. Select the or to the They or momentary based the Ltch and their the Press the the of the Comms:Talkback to the assignment follows active CR On/Off when active Info Comms: Ltch CR when assignments when active; momentary when inactive
5-B Mixing CM401 Section The feed of the CR or Mon AD activating their the top of the to the to the active CR the to the CR the the DIM when the and Turn the on/off the the of the Turn on/off the The on/off Ltch active. the of the the right of the and the to the Press the the of the Comms:Talkback to the Comms:Slate/Osc Turn the activating the Select the type the Osc>White or the top-right of the These type selected Select the the or the of the there below the this and the to the to of the the activating the and the the activating the and the the activating the and the the and to the to and/or respectively. the to the to and
5-B Mixing CM401 Section on/off Route the to Group, and/or Route the to Group, and Info Comms:Slate/Osc Comms: assignment assigned to and
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Access The Access located below the CR easy, to the commonly without the the buttons the to Access cations, and C CR Source DIM CUT Comms ON Ltch Tbk>MonD Tbk>MonC Tbk>MonB Tbk>MonA Comms ON Access Comms Tbk>MonB Tbk>MonA Tbk>Mons Comms ON ON
5-B Mixing CM401 Section 5-B that from the tion. Press the Ctrl switch the section to the L4 L3 L2 L1 Ctrl Comms Ctrl T2 T1 CR LR phase section and The three selected their switches the Selecting the previous APL (After-Pan and PFL SIP (Solo-In-Place): Allows through to the as This allows with and the this or recording or Info New Clr PFL Momentary I/C APL PFL SIP Clear
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Clear Momentary, and Selection The the (APL and PFL to the or the PatchNet. The indicated the surrounding the The LED the of the flashes when cleared of these Press the switch the of the Press the Clear the bottom-right of the The the Strips the when the first displayed. This that then explicitly cleared. There other options the that the Momentary The active. Pressing each clears the and activates the The APL and PFL routed to the following activating their respective the This to the MC524s This broadcasters. The to the The to the The follows the active selection or APL and PFL the the Press the the
5-B Mixing CM401 Section PFL with the SIP and APL or PFL SIP effectively the allows through to the when another heard with the effects Press the the Press the Chan Select of the to The Chan flashes to The lights when Press Chan Select Press the or another to the The backstop PFL switch the of their Press Ctrl the Section to the and PFL to this and the of its to the PFL to the Release the to its routing to the PFL operations and Con- and Format to PFL of Deactivate PFL the to the
5-B Mixing CM401 Section The 5-B the TFT the top of each Strip. Each Strips and the or assigned to that Strip. There option to to track information. the reduction shown to the right of the Group, Group, or with reduction right From the the switch to the of four and recalled the creating each Strips
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Named Un-named to M4 M5 M6 M7 M8 M9 M10 M11 M12 Clr or Preset and Press the the of the The appears (right of the which selects the which displays the Chan- options the right of the The arrows what the right-side options to to the right and the arrows appear Group). easy to the to Strips (with incrementing). M13 M14 M15 M16 M17 M18 M19 M20 M21 M22 M23 M24 Info Select Select to Info
5-B Mixing CM401 Section To While the Wave Press the from the to Select as the type from the options the of the The right of shows the options. Group, and options. Select or to assign the to the whatever the the active the the measured the when active. the when active. the assigned assigned to that Strip. NOTE: It to the or The TFT and follow the as the To While the Wave Press the from the to The and light. Press the the Press the the right. The the to Press the to the Press the the The arrows to appear The options the right to Press the the right the
5-B Mixing CM401 Section Section To the Strips, another Strips Wave the first Strip. each the lowest first and then Strips secutively. the Wave assigns to the and to the If Wave instead of would assigned to section showing CR and The TFT the section shows another. The shows the selected output the and the tomatically displays The displays whatever currently assigned to the Strip: or Masters, Mon A, B, C, D, or The displays the to the If there than the the to the the these matically. Press the Mon AD Source or the Ctrl switches to these the
5-B Mixing CM401 Section
5-B Mixing Chapter CM402 Section The CM402 Section located to the of the CM401 Section (which the Strip). The of the CM402 to to they readily It includes the following functional from top to Routing routing the Strips Routing and with The Select which functions of the Strips the knobsets. and EQ The and EQ these Select Assigns to the Strip. Although traditionally assigned to them the to assign to the CM408. the displayed the its Wave The Select assign to the Strip. Once assigned to the Strip, reassigning the or the reflected the Strip. reassigning the or the reflected the Strip. the of its
5-B Mixing CM402 Section C Record Record BVU950 SEL IN SEL IN Punch Punch SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN C C ON ON ON C C ON ON ON C C ON ON ON C C ON ON ON Copy Clear Chan Chan Chan Chan Chan Chan Chan Chan Select Select Select Select Select Select C1 C2 ON ON CM402 Section to: GRP MIX Route Track Arming Route Route Section Assign P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 C C C C ON ON ON C C C C ON ON ON C C C C ON ON ON C C C C ON ON ON ON C3 C4 C5 C6 ON ON ON ON F2tp FILT EQ C C ON ON C C ON ON C C ON ON C C ON ON C7 C8 ON ON
5-B Mixing CM402 Section Select C1 ON C9 ON C17 ON C25 ON ON Copy Clear C2 C3 ON ON C10 C11 ON ON C18 C19 ON ON C26 C27 ON ON Select The easy to or the 5-B It to the first each with four-character LCD and The of If the the of instead of The right beneath each LCD assigns that or Con- to the Strip, the the active or This to CM408 Strips Wave The the or and the The and The ON and the of the whether the each On/Off or function. The ON and and If ON the the or On/Off. If the the or If both the NOTE: The Wave the right of the Select C4 C5 ON ON ON C12 C13 ON ON ON C20 C21 ON ON ON C28 C29 ON ON ON C6 C7 C8 ON ON C14 C15 C16 ON ON C22 C23 C24 ON ON C30 C31 C32 ON ON
5-B Mixing CM402 Section AssignKnobs Punch Punch The Sections to the Strips The of the Select to and EQ (right). The of the of and what from the The the the and which of Dynamics and EQ appear below The and ration which both Section Processing Functions about the The LCD the of the shows the F2tp F1tp P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 EQ
5-B Mixing CM402 Section AssignKnobs Punch Punch The showing the each LCD and the The LCD displays the when the to the The Preset the of the The and the top (right and LCD displays the selected The LCD displays and EQ. Right The Slct/Punch switch selects inclusion when Snapshot The switches the function and The switch to the right of the the Select/Punch switch the functions and displays Section Processing Functions NOTE: The and Assign switches currently P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 EQ
5-B Mixing CM402 Section Routing C to: Record GRP MAIN Route Track Arming BVU950 Route Route Section Record Routing This shows the and routing assigned to the Strip. The Route Route and Section switches the of the the information and These switches and active The To: GRP and MAIN allow to the and or NOTE: The Route switch currently the Route switches routing. The light to the The switches light to that the routed to that the Route switches routing. The light to the The switches light to that the routed to that This the of operation. The top routing and the routing. Route Route Section
5-B Mixing Chapter and Introduction to 5-B The of the DF64 and the termine the of busses and 5-B tion. Since there of paths, and of these The 5-B four types: Group, and to Sections. Section and busses and LCRS four to playback and busses to to recorders, and to as With to switched they as effects, and as or and or The as (APL) and Pre-Fad- (PFL) to the Strips PFL function: and the the of its to the PFL PFL (SIP) and the information SIP.
5-B Mixing and Functions Mon The and function to Clear Mon CM401 Section with SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN SEL IN o SEL IN o SEL IN Comms Copy Select o EQ o C EQ Mon o to: o Chan Select C C ON ON Group, and Mon Source C Mon C Source Mon Source Mon Source o o L4 L3 L2 L1 Ctrl o T2 T1 Comms Ctrl o o CR LR phase C o o C CR Source Info CR ON CM401B
5-B Mixing and and Mon Press the or to the or respectively, the The the following when activated: and and On/Off switches. While these their interrogated. The Mon of the and active. information The to Press the to the sections the The the of Each tion its and its to to the Relative when the or section or reached.
5-B Mixing and Selects sections from this on/off Clear section C displays Sections than and (right) The of shows the the (or the top-right function to Clear The tions below: Press the of the buttons to the of each to the busses that section. the to the of that section. Press to section the TFT Press the of the buttons to the of each to that tion retained the turned off. the and buttons to there than Clear the on/off Press this or the to to C
5-B Mixing Operation and and The right of shows the selected the of the to the of each The functionality below: Press the of the buttons to the of each to the On/Off. Its retained that turned off. the to the that The and the Press the or to the first or Masters. the and to The the and the to the of the that on/off. to learn to the With the the both and (these usually individually to of to the the Access Both to the Each to function the following o Un NOTE: The of busses or the Co Co o
5-B Mixing and On/Off Unity of busses to or back to from this Press the button. Press to both and finished, or function. This including those the Selected on/off from this Press the On/Off Press the finished, function. This those the Selected from this Press the Press the finished, function. This effects those the Selected to unity from this Press the Unity Press the to to unity. finished, function. This only those the
5-B Mixing and Copy to Copy to to to to first the the which typically and those as the The (and those to selected from this Press the Copy Press the that to the the to copied. finished, function. This effects those the Creating with existing from another with and copying to another The to another from this Press the Copy Press the from which the to copied. Press the to which the to pasted. finished, other to or function. This only those the busses often to creating the as easy as the which and of It to select- from the busses of to match the of the the the to their function. Press the Press to that the finished, another or function. This to to this function when finished. This including those the
5-B Mixing and and Each Group, and to learn about and specified PatchNet. Switching the in/out the and Press the or to that the Press both and Press the to the of the to that ton Press the to the to learn about to the and
5-B Mixing Chapter and Strips Strips CM408 Strips, each with and with The the physical the that switches, displays, and shows with its and displays that appear the the and the and 5-B flexibility assigned to Strips and the the assigned to Strip; assignments Strips allowing to ate that with related such as or assigned to neighboring Strips. and recalled as (Section and recalled as (Section Snapshots to the to Strips to Strips to the once to easily
5-B Mixing and Strips Phase Select Phase Select The with and Function of Processing of Function of Function PFL/AFL Function of Function EQ of Function of Function of DYN Function of Function of Processing of Function of Function PFL/AFL Function of Function EQ of Function of Function of DYN Function of Copy EQ EQ to: Chan Select C25 C1 and
5-B Mixing Operation and Strips and to Strips Each and One or both of the instead of assigned individually the or to Strips using the Assign Assignment: The Chan Select to to the Access the or to assign the Press and the Wave and the Chan Select The appears the the top of the Strip. that created appear the The and Abort Select Abort selection selection Wave through assignment the to through the of and the the highlighted selected. Press the to assign the selected or the Abort to To assign the the and with Chan Select C C ON
5-B Mixing and Strips Assignments: Assign The Assign commonly to assign to Strips assignment. Press the the section. Press the to the Assign the to Assign the Assign the the to assign. the or the to the selected and its Chan Select Assign Info
5-B Mixing and Strips or Shortcut Assignment the following to assign to the Press the the of the Press the the to the Assign the Assign the and the the to as the the Chan Select the first would to assign the this with Chan Select and to the right to the the first the of those assigned the Chan Select the first Strip, to the right to the of the Strip. to the right the Chan and of each the the to assign. You assigned the each its Chan Select Pressing its that to assign its back to the first Strips Chan Select and the of You the of to the the Strips which the the first to the Strips, the to the the Strips. You choose whether to or its input Press the the Press the the Assign the to the and the patched the and
5-B Mixing Operation and Strips Info 5-B to efficiently with Strips: Expand, Select, Unity, and Select Unity On Text: Momentary Text Text: Momentary Text Text: Momentary Text Info
5-B Mixing and Strips assignments from when recalled or when the function active another To Press the Strips the Press the the top-left of the Strips The flashes when active. Press the Wave each to The LED the Wave to the locked. Press the Wave to The TFT shows that Strip. Expand expands the and of Strips, to EQ, the Dynamics, Changes to the or affects expanded Strips. showing when there than To Strip: Press the Strips the Press the the Strips The when active. Press the Wave the to expand. The Wave The yellow the Wave to the expanded Strips.
5-B Mixing Operation and Strips C5 C6 C7 C8 ON Select Select allows and Format to their to they individually accessed. From the the Strips Press the Select the Strips lights. Press the Wave each to include the Unity Unity allows to to unity From the the Strips the the Unity lights. Press the Chan Select each to unity The to You that Select the section Select ON section Select the Unity to turn off the Unity function. the LED On the input This the PFL input the and Text There options the Strips to choose and the text displays and momentary, or momentary, or momentary, or ON Select
5-B Mixing and Strips Function Rotary The and (C# or four- character assigned the Assign The below the the active Press the to switch the and The the active The Routing Dynamics and functions assigned to Strips the switches below the If the function than the and to the function in/out switches located to the of the function selection switches. Each each with four-character and switches. The as the the the light to the relative The shows the function while the when shows the The switch to the of the the function in/out. Select/Punch On/Off switch Select/Punch switch On/Off switch Rotary Top of Select/Punch switch Switch
5-B Mixing Operation and Strips Touch-Sensitive and Select/Punch There Select that At the top of the the Select selects the currently selected function, including and switch- The switch to the of the the Select the On/Off switch below This to the On/Off switch inclusion and to function, Each switch that selects that inclusion Snapshot. the switch shows the the instead of the function Each touch-sensitive the touched, the touch-sensor LED lights. Select On Select Select LED Wave Chan Select C25 C1 ON On LED Touch-sensitive
5-B Mixing and Strips Wave PFL The 5-B backstop switch the of their Press Ctrl the Section to the and PFL to this Then and the to the PFL to the Release the to that routing to the PFL operations and to PFL Group. Deactivating PFL the The Wave three Press the Wave to the (both and to the Chapter CM402 Section Press the Wave when selecting Strips and Expand, or other operations. the Wave other active Strip, that Strips function and Strips currently to the This the only. when EQ Strip, the other EQ other Strips To the Wave and the Clear the top of the the top appears Clear Press function EQ, that and the that function. Press to Strips their and the Wave and the Clear to The the CM401 to
5-B Mixing and Strips Copy and the switches the the from and to others. To the Press and the Wave and the Copy The and the Copy flashes. Press the Select (to the of the to the function currently assigned to the to the Other to the their function Press and the Wave and the Copy to from flashing and the To the to Select the or within the Strip. Press and the Wave and the the The information to the the Strip.
5-B Mixing and Strips Processing Functions 5-B and functions each Dynamics, EQ, and Each and input. Section to learn about assigning these inputs. The A, B, or A+B to the These Mic and Another inputs: 1A from the while 1B from the recorders The A/B switch then acts as switch. Press the function to the input the Press the to the input with the as the input. Press the to the Processing In/Out and the input; and that to both inputs. and Processing In/Out and Processing In/Out (right) 48V HPF EQ
5-B Mixing and Strips If ML530 Mic/Line Interface patched to the input, the top four the The top whether the input high or Press the switch to the of the to The shows whether the on/off. Press the switch to the of the to on/off. The third shows whether the high-pass on/off. Press the switch to the of the to the HPF on/off. The fourth the input the to the and NOTE: If ML530 Mic/Line Interface patched to the input, the top four The four the of the and inputs: The the the phase of the input. Press the switch to the of the to the phase. The switch lights to phase Phase indicated the TFT the Strip. the both inputs. Press the switch to the of the to the The switch lights to the active. Then the to the the The selects A, B, and A+B. The selection indicated the TFT screen the Strip.
5-B Mixing and Strips and Processing In/Out There Format LTM RTM the to hear of the right to hear of their right or right the reads 100L or 100R to hear the or right Press the to the to the to both the and right of the 48V HPF EQ
5-B Mixing and Strips Right-to-mono: Press the to the to the right to both the and right of the Both-to-mono: Press both to the to of both to both of the The then the and right Press the to the and right Processing In/Out Press the (once from the from the to the Processing In/Out The four the four the from top to Press the to the of the to the In/Out of that the switch lights when the NOTE: The function In/Out switches to the of the Strips function switches the In/Out. Section to learn to the Each with input. Press the function to to the the TFT the top of the shows the when when bypassed). The that shows the and the and release as the and the The section switched in/out with the to the of the Strips function The and switched in/out vidually their respective the to the section the of the switches. NOTE: The as or both Turning function while the other active switch off the other function. The first shows the the Press the to with the and Section Patch to to patch the sidechain, which from Patching the sidechain PatchNet.
5-B Mixing and Strips In/Out Depth(dB) Release Attack Threshold Infinity:1 Infinity:1 Ratio In/Out other Dynamics SC
5-B Mixing and Strips The function consists of the following the reduction the release threshold ratio (infinity:1 The switch to the switches the in/out. the reduction the release threshold ratio (infinity:1 The switch to the switches the in/out. SC sidechain The switch to the SC activates sidechain that
5-B Mixing and Strips and four-band, and Press the EQ tion switch to the EQ the Press the to the High In/Out 2In/Out High-mid In/Out In/Out In/Out EQ and 1In/Out or EQ F2Q F1Q
5-B Mixing and Strips EQ Each EQ shared and and other Press the switch to the of of the to and the to the that band. The switch to the of the switches that In/Out. The four the and or shelf Press the of the switches to the of the or to (switch lights and shelf light). that this switch when this Q. The the to the from the light from the LED the tion turned (clockwise boost); the indicated bright LED. The light every of the (higher to band- At the affects the slightly: the band- as increases. This of boost/cut and allows sound as without the Q. At or the measured from the NOTE: You the EQ the TFT to Since and the both indicated the indicated LED its from first to LED. would approximately the indicated bright to of the LED. NOTE: These LED reference only; the LCD and TFT displays The TFT the shows the EQ when active, when bypassed).
5-B Mixing and Strips each of four types: high-pass (HPF), low-pass (LPF), (BPF), and notch (NTCH). The to the that active The displays type), Q), type), Q) and type rotating the the selecting OFF the to the the to notch or band- switched In/Out separately. The attached to the EQ. Section to learn to the from to To the Notch which temporarily the to the to the The the and automated. to The CM401 Group/Aux Section Functions information and Section and to learn to and or as or shows the first with and as and others Press the to busses The (top) the and its lower-left switches in/out. The with the numbers) the both and its lower-left switches the in/out. The switches the from to busses and its lower-left switches the in/out. The switches the from to
5-B Mixing and Strips in/out on/off on/off on/off on/off on/off in/out on/off and Press to
5-B Mixing and Strips on/off on/off on/off in/out in/out in/out in/out in/out 5-B to and the 5-B allows the following LCR, LCRS, and or once, each with Section and to learn to assign and Press the function to the to the Section Routing and/or Section Routing to to the switch to NonB in/out Rear in/out Surround in/out in/out LTM RTM (Surround) (Surround) (Rear) (Rear) other MF Only) (MF Only) in/out Rear in/out Surround in/out in/out
5-B Mixing and Strips the front to L, C, R). Allows (Wdth): only Format the front only Format Con- the left-to-mono and right-to-mono function. Surround the front-to-surround without the front or rear Rear as The to the the to L, C, R, Rs. The to the the to only the subwoofer This least three to function. from At the as the panned, directly from to the completely fading from the first the third. the the from and then three completely This smoother, cally the sound field. the from the entirely. The although the directly from to three. One of to where the sourced from the and right front instead of directly from the This least three to function. from At as expected: to there the right or the the or right the creased, the of decreased: The increases that previously and the The of to allow the or right to hear sound to the other Divergence, sound approximately its the right to the Surround as Surround as
5-B Mixing and Strips Rear as Rear (FocR) as Graph the the appears the TFT showing the two-dimensional (front:surround and left:right) that The 5-B function that the of the of that Sections busses assigned. assigned to Section to the the when to the and the Track The Track four-Strip optional to the 5-B It the of Format or assigned to the Strip. Press Strips Wave to assign to the Strip; the active the Track The switch to the of the trackball the Select/Punch the trackball The switch to the right of the trackball the function as the function the assigned the assigned to the and the appears the TFT
5-B Mixing and Strips and Patch The to applications. The EQ, Dynamics, and The Dynamics Side-Chain In/Out and from PatchNet Chapter Application The A, B, and assigned from the Strip. Phase Select Function of of Function of Function Function of Function EQ of Function of Function of DYN Function of and patch To the and Press the function to the to the Press both to the and the The the to the Processing PFL/AFL
5-B Mixing and Strips Patch The first allows to assigned to the A, and inputs. input patch PatchNet I/O To the to the input: Press the switch. appears the TFT the Strip. the switches to the of the to other of These switches function as this Each internal or MADI that to inputs, another from the located, the to the to highlight the input. Press the switch to that input. pressing both (they flashing). the as Section Press the to the The indicated the (top first). To the Press the switch the to The LED flashes and the displayed the TFT the Strip. The which becomes the to the to that reflects the the to that The to the
5-B Mixing and Strips Abort selection selection Wave through that correct, the Select/Punch the Wave to the The the Select/Punch Press the switch to the On to abort the selection. with and that patched with PatchNet. The anywhere the EQ, Dynamics, and and as another The switched in/out using the to the Strips function or from the third
5-B Mixing and Strips Mixing Functions Routing and The section (CM401) Main/Group/Aux that the functions Chapter and Route to To the to the GRP below the function switches This assigns the routing to the Since the shows four characters, as GRP and MAIN switches The switch to the of each assigns the first of the the the switch assigns the switch assigns assigns assigned from the switch the of the The light to this assigned to that Press the to: to switch in/out the This active only when the or routing The lights other to that active and/or routing. The GRP lights other to that assigned to or to: Chan
5-B Mixing and Strips Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Copy Routing Press the to Routing there than this or the which the GSL the The switch to the of the GSL the on/off The the Assign on/off Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Assign Copy back to
5-B Mixing and Strips Routing Assign Section Assign Section Assign Section Assign Section Assign Section Assign Section C Assign Section Assign Section There sections of section with another section with section The CM401 section Chapter and Route to Section Sections Section Section Section Section Section C Section Section Section Copy Section Routing Assign Assign To Sections To Sections Copy
5-B Mixing and Strips To the to the MAIN below the switches This assigns the first sections that to the Press the to Routing there than The switch to the of each allows the the Wave and the switch to through the The switch to the of the assigns that section. The switch the of that section to the Assignments and when routing off and section assigned to the the switch to the of the that on/off. Press the to: to switch in/out the This active when the or routing The lights other to that active and/or routing. The MAIN lights other to that assigned to or output that to feed to nouncer. The Reference The found the of the GRP routing routed to the the Pressing the feed announcers ear that The subtracted from the allowing the announcer to hear the their own. The from the to the or the Pre There the This from the
5-B Mixing and Strips assign back to assign GSL Processing Copy and Flow Processing On Pre On Pre Switch On Switch To From Switch Switch On From Mic
5-B Mixing and Strips To Physically the to the MC524s input. Physically the MC524s to A/D input AM713. the Patch patch the A/D Source the Destinations/Slate- the (located to the of the the switch- the the
5-B Mixing Chapter and Format 5-B which allow to to VCA The assigned to other The of to from to the of announcer 5-B allows to each of which the following EQ, and The of each individually and the these as the This allows to smoothly the The the interface to the Empty Con- with (G5G24). Press the to the of
5-B Mixing and Format G5 G6 G7 G8 G9 G10 G11 G12 Info New Clr New Clear G13 G14 G15 G16 G17 G18 G19 G20 G21 G22 G23 G24
5-B Mixing and Format Assign to Press the New the of the Select the their Chan Select The Chan Select to they included the Group. Press the Chan Select to from the Group. The LED lights. Press the The flashes to the ready to from the (four characters Other included as from another included the Group. to to assigning other appear the when assigning Section and Con- to Strips The LED lights when assigned to Press the the of the The flashes. Press the to The flashes to ready to The Chan Select flash assigned to that Group. The active to the Chan flash. Press the flashing Chan Select to them from the and non-flashing Chan Select to them. this another or that the Press the the of the The flashing. Press the the to the from the four characters).
5-B Mixing and Format Clear Format Press the Clr the of the The Clr flashing. Press the the to clear. from the Group, the to the (G#), and the to empty. Format allows LCRS, and to built from The Format assigned to There to Format The of Format to the following LTM to RTM (Right to Left/Right both-to-mono function both the RTM and LTM information, Format first Click the the of the Screen
5-B Mixing and Format Select the to include the left-clicking and the The selected highlighted. Right-click highlighted to their To right-click each and the PatchNet, the LCRS, or the Press the from the Select and assign to Strip. Format activated the switch to the of the Format The function temporarily assigns the of or Format to Strips. Select From the the Strips Press the Select the Strips lights. Press the Wave each to include the Press the Chan Select of to its the selected To the from the and the Strips or Chan Select
5-B Mixing and Format or Format This section information to whether to or Format If to the Group. Format with the switched Therefore, the EQ the Format affects the the affects the that function switched the when the created or subsequently. EQ the the EQ switched If VT Format they include icated LTM, RTM, and If the VT and or to apply EQ and to each to or To Format the the functions the
5-B Mixing and Snapshots 5-B than The PatchNet Chapter Application patch each Title. Snapshots and further this of flexibility complementary, information that the the to Snapshots the of selected and they currently assigned to the Snapshot that EQ and the to both of the function. Snapshots and each other their information, while related, to Strips and Snapshots or of, their and recalling accomplished through the Snapshot and from the
5-B Mixing and Snapshots New with Strips and to the once. each and to to Strips to Strips to Strips to Strips of that normally the the or ideally The the interface to and to From the the to the The the recalled Press the New the of the The flashes to creation of Select the to include the Press the ALL the bottom-right of the to Strips. Press the Wave each to include the
5-B Mixing and Snapshots New Clr To the the to the to the Unused locations and (L the first location The New and the the to the Horns ALL RCL Info
5-B Mixing and Snapshots To If the RCL once flashes. Press the location the The the and the RCL off. It to consecutively to which to with: If the RCL flash. If the RCL flashing, once. Press the location the The the and the RCL nated another selection. Press the the of the flashes. Press the to the to The flashing and the Wave Strips this Press Wave to currently the Press Wave to include the The Wave flashing. Press the to to this Press the to the process. Press the the of the flashing. Press the to the to that flashes. the to the characters and to the process. You the or the to the and the process.
5-B Mixing and Snapshots Snapshots New Snapshot Press the Clr the of the flashing. Press the to the to That and the to the Snapshot selected switch states, and and routings selected of easy to function or switch The function; from or from currently The of Snapshots that within memory the of each Snapshot. There locations of these the with From the the Snapshot to the Snapshot The the Snapshot Press the New the of the Snapshot The New flashes to creation of Snapshot. Select the function(s) to include the Snapshot of the following Function or Press functions or switch to that High EQ, on/off, Function Press the Select switch the top-right of the or the switch (to the of the to the function the or
5-B Mixing and Snapshots Press the Chan Select each to include the Snapshot. included the active or Strips Press the the of the Snapshot to and switches Strips (both and currently the Functions Press the ALL the bottom-right of the Snapshot to and each the The ALL the the function. New Clr Snapshots Snapshots More R-1 R-1 Rough Rough SS Rough SS SS SS 3348HR STO RCL Info
5-B Mixing and Snapshots Snapshot Snapshot Press the Snapshot to the Snapshot. Unused locations and SS the first location SS It to overwrite existing Snapshot. To existing location, the Snapshot first The New and the the to the Snapshot and It worth mentioning that Snapshot created, there to its this reason, and using Snapshot information about Snapshot. To Snapshot: If the RCL once flashing. Press the to the Snapshot to The Snapshot the selected and the RCL off. It to Snapshots consecutively to which to with: If the RCL If the RCL once. Press the to the Snapshot to The Snapshot the and the RCL another selection. If function or switch Snapshot they updated easily. Press the STO bottom-right of the Snapshot The STO flashing. Press the the Snapshot to the items from the Snapshot updated to the
5-B Mixing and Snapshots Snapshot Snapshot Press the the of the Snapshot flashing. Press the to the Snapshot to That flashes. the to the Snapshot characters Press the the the Snapshots or to the and the process. Press the Clr the of the Snapshot flashing. Press the to the Snapshot to That and the to the SS NOTE: Snapshot its location
5-B Mixing Chapter GPI/O The 5-B features. The following features to or turn on/off; on/off to turning on/off. consists of of input that the or the GP132. 5-B or the GP132. GP132 The GP132 to to that and relays. Although the GP132 shipped with The following should noted when the GP132: MIDI to GP132 to The MIDI this If the GP132, of the relays function. restoring the GP132 ALL relays.
5-B Mixing GPI/O Activation Activation Activation (Above/Below) GP Switch Table GP and Activation C GP132 One GP132 GP132 Three GP132 GP132 EQ On On On
5-B Mixing GPI/O Activation GP Switch Snapshot Mon A-D Table GP and Activation C to latch): to GP132 One GP132 GP132 Three GP132 GP132 EQ On Closed On On
5-B Mixing GPI/O The input to the Table Used GPI/O Processing Conditions AND AND input AND AND OR OR input OR OR XOR XOR input XOR XOR NOTE: AND AND Access the clicking the the of the The three and Several included Section
5-B Mixing GPI/O of input and type, and and type. to the clicking the to field the of the Click the to type Select the from the The input the top of the the shows the of the selected input. input clicking the to input> field the of the The to the input type:
5-B Mixing GPI/O Select the from the and OK text the field; to the to. The displays the the selected input type Table and Table each input/output type). the clicking the and/or The The top of actions the These actions the input the selected combined with their The shows the of the selected the the as the inputs. selecting the input, or and the Selected Entry the of the
5-B Mixing GPI/O GPI to Turn the to and these The options the and Table and If consists of input, AND and OR the and interchangeably. This to off the of selected the the to field. The appears. Select as the from the the to input> field. The appears. Select from the and OK the to the following Activation Activation and the to the the to field. The appears. Select from the and OK the to the following Action Active State
5-B Mixing GPI/O to Turn On the This to the of below selected the the <click to field. The appears. Select OR as the from the the to input> field. The appears. Select from the and OK the to the following Activation Activation and the to the the to field. The appears. Select from the and OK the to the following Action Active State On
5-B Mixing GPI/O to This to selected the the to field. The appears. Select AND as the from the the to input> field. The appears. Select from the and OK the to the following Activation Activation the to field. The appears. Select GPO from the and OK the to the following Active State Closed GP132 One
5-B Mixing GPI/O to Stop This to below lected the the to field. The appears. Select AND as the from the the to input> field. The appears. Select from the and OK the to the following Activation Activation the to field. The appears. Select GPO from the and OK the to the following Active State Closed GP132 One
5-B Mixing GPI/O Switcher and On the click the to field. The appears. AND as the from the the to input> field. The appears. Select GPI from the and OK the to the following Active State On GP132 One the to field. The appears. Select Switch from the and OK the to the following Switch Function Activation On
5-B Mixing GPI/O Switcher and the the to field. The appears. AND as the from the the to input> field. The appears. Select GPI from the and OK the to the following Active State GP132 One the to field. The appears. Select Switch from the and OK the to the following Switch Function Activation
5-B Mixing GPI/O Follow this there four each with microphone with GP and 5-B Tally to GP Follow
5-B Mixing GPI/O The to the following functionality: the switcher while muted. the switcher while and muted. the switcher while and muted. the switcher while muted. The following to and the other when the switcher Choose input to the GP input and RT1 of the GP of to the section, and OR as the From the section, to input> The Select GPI from the the of the section to the following
5-B Mixing Operation GPI/O From the section, to The Select Switch from the the of the section to the following This when selected the switcher. to to the following instead of those shows each its Switch Function and Active State off each. achieved the following functionality: when the switcher selects and the to to when the switcher selects and and input the GP
5-B Mixing GPI/O