Wired Fly, Fly and Carry NOTE: Although to pitch this faster/easier with or its bounce its to the These actions the shockcord and/or the The pre-wired with three 12V outlets. to them their and the and wires assembly. Unroll and the the ground. the of the and to the pitching the the (however, that the wind). the shockcorded the sections from together, as this the each properly seated the Fly the of of the At the with the and the other, the its to the the of the to with the other the the and the of the to the of the top with the the Assembly Instructions the the to the to the location. the through the corners while applying to smooth the the as Also, the the of each and the back of the the to the the with the ground the front of the the the to the The from to the of the X. the to the the around the and the to the Turn the assembly and that the the the corners of the of the and them and the to completely the (This with At the corners of the reach the and the to the the At the bottom/corners of the the shockcorded to the the At the of the and the to each of the attached to the and with the E! To E! Once connected to the switch that ON and the ON E! and through that to the cord. the cover twisted or tucked. The cover the of the to Accessories: E! Fan/Light, E! Reading Light and E! Cord. the of the sewn-in this to the and to ready Down: Release the from and off of the and the then the and both the and Read the instructions the ready. REV.
or shock The of the with to the or shock, or or these reasons, when the DO NOT allow or to with or the DO NOT or DO cords that OUTDOOR USE. DO only to GFCI protected outlet with ground. If GFCI with GFCI protection built DO the of the that the than the that follow the the DO follow instructions, and from the of the cord. To reduce of to or cord, the rather than the when the E! from cord. to follow these death, serious or to or others. It to to of SAFETY INFORMATION: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions. This and operating instructions to the and of the E! DC and E! with outlets. to the other than originally Johnson the warranty and the or injury. of recommended or Johnson of shock, to or property The E! children DO NOT the the E! or the the DO NOT the E! or outlets the to or DO NOT with AC to the E! or the outlets. DO NOT the E! to the or the though DO NOT the E! to F/40 C. the E! F/21 C. DO NOT the the E! to to recharge battery. DO NOT the E! Incorrect reassembly of shock or If E! service, KEEP ALL FLAME AND HEAT SOURCES AWAY FROM THIS TENT FABRIC. This the of CPAI- The with The of to the the ineffective. DO NOT which burns Combustion and of which to serious or death. to follow these death, serious or to or others. SEAM SEALING: of such as Seam or Work the or the seams allow and of the which seams to sealed. Seams that to or ground seams or treatment. There to the seams the or the factory seams. both and seams and Apply to the and of seams. Several thin layers than thick and follow instructions. STAKING: to to them from blowing heavy Once the erected, the This to the to that the properly and that the seams with the the of the each or that corners It that the too tightly. You know too tight, the easily operated. through the or with the the that the J catches of or through the to as With the properly the the its and to the the as this the to tear. The to the Sand. broad with of or separately. Their and which might anchors. the to (branches, or with or to or which the GUY LINES: to high wind. correctly, the of weather. that each and the of the securely wrapped around the the found the to each the from the of the The from the ground to the high wind, should used. On the and secondary off of each On the each location. high wind, secondary each the and the CONDENSATION VENTING: Through and breathing, off about of overnight. If the to found the of this rather than from the often where the touches the of the the or coated such as the allows the to through the to the the of the the partially to and further reduce becomes or when the effective. The features that short-sheeted and High/Low These to each ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT: light to caused to sunlight. While UV synthetic to UV UV and to become and tear easily. that the clear It acts as to the both and to UV erecting with to sunlight. GENERAL POLE CARE: together as this the or their and bounce its to the These actions the shock and the The slightly and through this normally the performance of the GENERAL TENT CARE: the to from stones. to wear ground cloth whenever food through search of food. STORAGE: the completely then cool To from collecting the with cloth. This allows the to breathe. Ideally, the should their assembled This reduces the the shock cord, its life. The should only as and COLOR TRANSFER: to the of from to when the when or to the of and high heat. This the performance. To completely to and CLEANING: Clean the and with and thoroughly and completely. or they the protective coating and seams. cleaning, the completely the such as the seams, or to Clean the with cloth and them with This to the or gritty. Clean the with and then them off. This location with If the the wear and eventually the become ALTERATIONS OR MODIFICATIONS: DO NOT or this from its the of or of this contrary to the accompanying written instructions the warranty. or of the Johnson Inc of property or as of such or LIMITED WARRANTY: What Covered: warrants to the purchaser that its products from and workmanship, the of the as below. The of the from the of purchase such as the serviceable to wear and tear. What Not Covered: the breakdown of that inevitably with (UV) light or caused or THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES BEYOND THE TERMS OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EUREKA! BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or the or apply to What If inspection that to or or the option, without charge. How to Warranty Service: the freight to the from whom purchased; or, Customer Satisfaction authorization: Collect shipments or shipments without authorization accepted. The with the warranty to effective and to warranty service. Repairs: If service or to wear and tear, or other reason that covered the warranty the service reasonable charge, and that products properly cleaned to recommended instructions. Please or that with of what service and repairs, please Customer Satisfaction free State Relates To This Warranty: This warranty rights, and other rights that from to REV.