Upright cleaner; household type Thank purchasing instructions To assembly to or QR If about please service Were to QR. QR. Service Nous Products, Inc. Printed WMT88304 AS3001 AS3019
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these numbers the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service Steam. o to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. Product Con LNEA DE AYUDA fournira instructions Inspection tout instructions LIGNE D'AIDE service Customer Service HELPLINE hacer information type type_______________________ service.
To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or Turn off the switch and the when when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this only recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. when allow to whip when Cord or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA without and HEPA without and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. WARNING: This chemicals to the State of California to or WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Airpath cover NOTE: further instructions, (DCF25) Customer Service HELPLINE on/off Scan QR to instructional the Cord Carry switch release Scan QR to instructional the Hose (EF7) (W) Scan QR to instructional the Nested release
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the the service securely another outlet or or suction the of hose. turn. turn. height to higher to warrants this to free from and workmanship of three years household Warranty only to the purchaser and of household. This warranty three years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products year warranty. This warranty cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the consumers purchase warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and C Thermal cut-off switch to "thermal cut-off" instructions Turn to FLOORS. Empty and/or Clean or to suction. airpath to TOOLS. clogs from the hose that the other or of to TOOLS. The warranty USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH