Information Assembly to to Headlight to Clear Troubleshooting Warranty White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. Household IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE SERIES Please
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING with free of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheat- such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the then to Authorized Service
Assembly To CAUTION: the CAUTION: ON/OFF switch the OFF cover and from to the the the top of the as shown. the screws (supplied)into the the top of the and with screwdriver. and Wand. Cleaner Cord. Screws located the accessory the the of the cover the of the and and the the hose the back of the and the hose as shown. the of the hose the hose the of the
How To the to the and This the of the the the around the the back of the to the to the the of the front of the the To WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height ON/OFF Switch International On, International that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to weight from front Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this owners Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to Release release to back to operating To completely to the release Information: cleaning first that might the or the
To NOTE: While using or as the with the To hose from hose of and accessory of hose or Dusting/Upholstery shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Nested to reach. both Turn to together. The instructions this as to To service the and Rountine NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly NOTE: or cleaners, or the and the J): cover. the each the Clean or as to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. and from cleaner.
Routine New of back and NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the because the the to unevenly. How To to to cover NOTE: cover the properly. the screws from the top of the to of and around around pulley. with base. securely right of to stretch right base. IMPORTANT rotations to properly back cleaner. and screws. to upright
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the to Light to to lightbulb. cover. the screws from the cover. light of lightbulb cover. with screws. NOTE: only. to upright
To Clear Hose NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing the of the hose from the hose the of the the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to Hose Hose the from the and the the hose clear. If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. the hose from the coupling the back of cleaner. and If found, clear the The screws attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose the of
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal the Clean or the If or the to reduce suction when the through the the with the properly seated the Hose hose back of cleaner. from the hose that restricts the to that the of the hose the hose the of the hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. suction the of Hose hose Clean or the If the to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that restricts the hose and Headlight Light light from the and or items from the or of to operating the back to the front off Then turn the to higher or of operating the height Cleaner Height turn. back to the front wheels off Then the and through the and when to (CST), and to (CST) the and when
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should only and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT