73569A Products Printed Steam OWNERS GUIDE IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Household
Information Grounding Instructions You OptiHeat Clean Cleaning Upholstery Stair Cleaning Warranty GENERAL INFORMATION NOTE: Thoroughly and with using this cleaner. Suction Shut-Off The suction shut-off functions when the recovery of the the the recovery it off the suction causing the sound to become high pitched. this the recovery The suction shut-off functions the To the OFF and upright. seconds to allow the to to the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when USA: If write Products North America, Service P.O. IL USA. write to Products North N3N 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently lubricated. lighted. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS CARPET SHAMPOOER/EXTRACTOR. WARNING To reduce the of shock, or only cleaning process. or to only cleaners the when Turn OFF the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If the properly, or to service immediately. or cord, as cord, or around or corners. the Shampooer/Extractor cord. from heated to properly grounded to Grounding Instructions). cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the or with with free of and that reduce airow. This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or or ashes. without recovery when cleaning If the off immediately, it upright, and the to completely. This allows the to to and through the cleaner. to thinners and other or where they and 32F where the
Grounding Instructions This grounded. If should malfunction or breakdown, grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and The that properly and grounded with and ordinances. of of shock. with or service as to whether the outlet properly grounded. the with the If the the outlet technician. This and grounding that the A. temporary which the illustrated to this to as shown, properly grounded The temporary should properly grounded A, The ear, or the from the to ground such as properly grounded cover. the used, screw. NOTE: the of temporary the Grounding of the Three BEFORE YOU BEGIN A. NOTE: this as cleaner. with that The of the and that the B. cleaning the testing the white towel with the cleaning of the or corner. Gently the cloth the each If the should to the cleaning the information. C. as from the as or or around the and of the to the or the completely or to and of the DANGER Grounded Screw Follow the instructions this hints that the thoroughly. the as this the and the the while cleaning to If the shampooer/extractor to when operating, try the with the and the of the Not Cleaning Allow to thoroughly. to and off the completely or white cloths to the cleaning from and immediately to to the or upholstery. If back the the or the to the Grounded
Shampoo/Rinse Carrying Hose Shampoo Clean Water Clear Suction Suction Release Release Cord around Switch Cord Release Recovery NOTICE ON MODELS WITH THE ACCESSORY HOSE, YOU MAY NOTICE SMALL WATER DROPLETS IN THE WATER LINE. THIS IS DUE TO THE FACT THAT ALL UNITS ARE INSPECTED ON THE PRODUCTION LINE USING WATER TO ASSURE PROPER FUNCTION OF THE ACCESSORIES. Suction Release Shampoo Release Cord
Heat Only) IMPORTANT: with heated cleaning Testing shown that cleaning with the household to actually cleans than or the signicantly increase cleaning What Heat the of the cleaning the The to within the of STEP A. Shampoo If to operating and the shampoo bottle, with only. tightly, and bottle. Gently the shampoo bottle NOTE: the from location to another, the recovery and completely empty. Then the slightly and the and the carrying and SET UP IMPORTANT: with or item using the NOTE: with the of the reading this Shampoo B. Clean Water and clean to the with Gently the back Clean Water
STEP C. Emptying the Recovery CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to the recovery straight to the recovery from the the shut-off and the recovery thoroughly. and the and with each the and back the recovery Gently the the cleaning or D. Shut-Off The suction shut-off when the recovery of This noticeable the sound. Immediately off the when this and the recovery USE A. Cleaning shampoo from MAX heavy to RINSE clear only. cord. to operating Switch II Suction OFF Carrying switch to II of the foot release and to shampoo/rinse and to apply and the and then the the the cleaning the At the the the and the recovery It to the steady motion. Release the to the the the without the shampoo/rinse This and the and heavily areas. B. Transporting the the from location to another, the recovery and clean completely empty. Then the slightly and rear wheels or the carrying and Shampoo Release Suction Shut-Off Recovery
STEP A. Empty the Recovery instructions. B. Clean Suction CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the cleaning. the suction release each of the suction cover. the suction cover and the of and the suction cover the top of the suction cover the top the Suction Release C. Folding the Compact Turn release to the Press release to Release Release CLEAN UP AND STORAGE the of to the shampoo and the seconds. This the from the where easily cleaned If clear hose Release Suction Cover
CLEAN UP AND STORAGE (Continued) D. the perfectly top of the below) or it the with screws back of screws to to the BARE FLOOR CLEANING (Not included NOTE: NOTE: Upholstery only. CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to the recovery CAUTION: the and cleaning. A. of base. included B. with included included C. front of suction cover. Screw back of Hose included Upholstery included
UPHOLSTERY AND STAIR CLEANING: You clean. S-W or clean. clean only. clean. A. Upholstery or Stairs and with cleaners to reach such as and corners. IMPORTANT: Cleaning with cleaning the what the and to clean using cleaning their with cleaning and DRY CLEAN ONLY. If of the type, or cushion or cover to CAUTION: when cleaning To the shampooer/extractor from the It that the shampooer/extractor to the of the and securely the top of the stairway to the of the Hose B. the the cushions or the If through and the that white to light yellow and through to the covering. C. to hours to clean. the completely. Inspect stretching, or another D. cleaning the upholstery, testing white with the cleaning of the cushion back. Gently the cloth the each If the towel should to the cleaning the A. the hose cover. B. the accessory hose the clicks C. the to the of the Release Upholstery (On
UPHOLSTERY AND STAIR CLEANING (Continued) D. the the top of the cleaning E. and the release and the than seconds to F. Release the the of the G. and the top. Apply to three the NOTE: the the the cleaning the At the the the and the recovery H. the the without the This and the I. Press release top of hose to release J. using hose cover closed. K. Clean Press release to from suction cover hose or Release THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat the The its option, or or cleaner that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the Cleaners Service and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to Products North USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should only and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specications and with quality, performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT