Instruction EN English, FDEM EXPERIENCE Positioning and Technical Connecting the supply of the Loading the racks, Cutlery and Starting the dishwasher Loading the options and Loading the Loading the and off the and electricity Cleaning the dishwasher Preventing Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Leaving the Precautions and and respecting the Troubleshooting, Service, Service Information and Appliance Recycling and Information DISHWASHER
this instruction reference. If the or please the with the that the from the within EN Please this instruction information the installation, and of the If the upright necessary, its back. This to household and such shops, offices and other houses; and other type and breakfast type Positioning and the from and that If the and further with the process. the dishwasher that its or back with the or with the This recessed the Assembly instruction the dishwasher and If the the front of the reaches (the of If the correctly, and to or and while operating. the height of the foot from the front of the the of the dishwasher, turning with of clockwise to increase the height or anticlockwise to the height. the dishwasher, the and the the to from that the first the immediately the first completely the with and then of chapter and The overflow: this and concern. the chapter and the the the LOW SALT light switches off. If the the and the heating as Technical height Capacity place-settings Water plate plate plate selected This dishwasher conforms to the following Community Directives: -2006/95/EC -2004/108/EC -2005/32/EC (Comm. -97/17/EC -2002/96/EC and (WEEE)
The dishwasher the the regulations force concerning and technical should conducted exclusively trained and authorised technician: Repairs unaithorised the as as to the The responsibility to or property from to the from with or from the of the the that: the earthed and with the withstand the of the which indicated the located the of the of the the supply within the indicated the plate the of the the with the of the If this the authorised to the Service); or Once the the supply and the should easily The should or compressed. If the supply the or its Technical Service to Service) This earthed with and 13A If to the only those rated 13A and ASTA to BS1362 should used. If the cover, obtained from authorised Service or Correct or the of DO NOT the the cover fitted. the off and of the To shock DO NOT the anywhere Wires the coloured with the following Green/Yellow Earth If the the of the wires the with the the which coloured, EARTH E or NEUTRAL N LIVE L the Lead from Service UK: or of Ireland: If the existing or charge It strongly that this If the includes current-operated that conforms to the The dishwasher connected to the electricity while This should connected to 230/240V AC properly earthed the dishwasher DO NOT or heavy the when this the or the to The that these regulations EN
Connecting the EN to the and electricity should only technician. The dishwasher should top of the hoses or the electricity supply Connecting the hose The and outlet hoses and the electricity supply the right or the to the installation. To attaching the the perfectly clear that that the the this operation, screw the hose tightly with threaded To dishwasher with from the supply heating with that of 60C. Screw the hose to the as to supply. If the hose enough, or authorised technician Service). The within the indicated the Technical Installation). The hose should or The connected to the supply using hoses. hoses. that the hose connected and the hose of DO NOT the hose tight the hose of to DO NOT the dishwasher to outlet instantaneous heater or heater. the hose (without to with of The hose height from to (from to from the where the dishwasher (A). the internal this of which from the and that the (B). It MUST NOT connected to the of the GREY hose from the of the the hose securely attached, to while the and causing hose to securely using type selected If the or
protection To the dishwasher: with which the supply the of or from the with the New Stop which protection the of supply hose WARNING: HAZARDOUS VOLTAGE! should the hose as The that these ECODESIGN REGULATION ECO the to which the refers; this to crockery with and the terms of and this type of crockery. To reduce further, the dishwasher when the Water Duration Water Duration INTENSIVE NORMAL to the recorded laboratory, with EN obtained recording when the and with crockery. EN
of the EN ON/OFF light ON/OFF/ RESET completely built-in selected The and type of and options the dishwasher and light light WASH CYCLE SELECT light height Cutlery and light Drying light light
Loading the the racks, food from crockery and from and the that the freely. and The bowls, cutlery, plates and should ideally the of the Several dishwasher with sections which when plates or when and The type of or to the dishwasher The only the front of the and other with the cutlery with the facing or they the the selected The and vary. Both with the top, this with and lightweight crockery: and shallow bowls. The heights, to the of crockery throughout the the the of each the the height of the to to the crockery, the to higher or The height of the should ideally WHEN THE RACK IS EMPTY. NEVER or the only. Items that should the dishwasher items, with or horn or Items from or Items from which heat-resistant. or hand-painted that however, the dishwasher using that it with other the of crockery which dishwasher the and right and the higher or as required, the the front and the If the with the reaches its the the of the and upwards or then back EN
and the dishwasher EN Turn the Press the ON/OFF the lights the light seconds. the and amount of below). the Loading the racks) and the Select the turning the WASH CYCLE SELECT clockwise the notch the with the or the The START/PAUSE light flash. Select the options information). the the START button; the light flash and The light to the phase switch that the At the of the the END light switch light). Switch off the the ON/OFF off the and the from the electricity the crockery, to burns. the racks, with the The switch off of inactivity, to electricity If the selection to the that only once the started, switch off the and holding the ON/ Switch back using the and the and crockery Press the (the light flash). the to the and the crockery the the and the light): the from the which interrupted. If the as to the the or the function selected) interrupted. At this to the interruptions If the the or there the It from the which once the or once the electricity supply restored. Measuring the the amount of used; exceeding the stated amount effective and increases which specifically dishwashers. DO NOT USE the the The of recommended which offer the MULTI-FUNCTIONAL TABLETS option. To the from each and and should used. Compartment A: Compartment B: Pre-wash cover C pressing D. the consulting the Table of and B. when the and the cover; when the the of the from the of the and the cover clicks. selected
If the crockery lightly or with the dishwasher, reduce the amount of accordingly. The and type of and options the dishwasher (A) selection (B) instructions Heavily and to items). Normally and dishes. Normal Pre-wash while of the with the from the Prewash Environmentally-friendly with and dishes. and to lightly dishes. immediately plates of cutlery FastWash Notes: To to the it worth that: of approximately of of approximately of performance when the "FastWash" achieved the amounts of crockery specified. The to the EN-50242. Although than other and to the information relating to EN testing please to the following (A) (A) (A) (A) (B) (A) (B) (A) (A) (B) (A) (B) (A) (A) (A) (A) which include EN
and products which specifically dishwashers. or or Follow the instructions the EN If to however, that where the or Follow the instructions the If or the LOW SALT and LOW RINSE AID lights Measuring the the crockery to as off readily and therefore or The should the LOW RINSE AID light the the turning the (G) anticlockwise the from the If this the immediately with cloth. Screw the back NEVER the directly the the amount of If completely with the the of used. screwdriver to the (F) to of the (the to If there the crockery, the to If of the crockery or there the finished, the to higher the Every dishwasher with which, using this type of without which then to the crockery. This dishwasher offers which to reduce and performance with the This information from the which household with Switch the off using the ON/OFF and the the SELECT WASH CYCLE first to then to then to Press the ON/OFF the phase lights flash. It to the There to of (The To the function, approximately seconds or another option or switch off the the ON/ OFF using the should Water months months months months months and the of this increase the of the measured measured French Measuring the to the that the empty. from the the formation of crockery. The located the of the dishwasher and should the the of the the LOW SALT light the the and the (anticlockwise). The first this: the right to its the and the right to its (this should to the and from the the and then screw the head facing as to the of the four cracks which the of the with It to this to the the screwed tightly, that the the (this the necessary, the that which of the selected
and off the and electricity Turn off the to the when cleaning and when Cleaning the dishwasher The of the and the cleaned using cloth which with or products. the of the cloth with and Preventing the of the to from and the Clean the around the and using This food becoming the which the the formation of Cleaning the Food become the and the to the It therefore recommended that the from to and cleaned with The both Cleaning the If the hoses or of the to clear and free of the necessary If this the become and the dishwasher. To the arm, the locking clockwise The should with the facing upwards. The the and upwards. Clean the the outlet regularly. Turn off the Unscrew the of the the and the and screw the hose back Cleaning the The assembly consists of three which food from the and then the They should cleaned to the Clean the regularly. The dishwasher should without or the washes, the assembly and clean thoroughly and following the instructions below: Turn the C anti-clockwise and the the the Inspect the and food NEVER REMOVE the cleaning the the assembly and correctly; this the of the dishwasher. Leaving the the from the electricity supply and off the the of the return, when the dishwasher empty. selected EN
and The and with international The following information reasons and should therefore EN This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the The the and or The only, to crockery to the instructions this The covered areas. It to the to and the when barefoot. the the from the the The supply off and the should from the cleaning the or carrying If the the internal to the yourself. the heating or the of the this the to The should as The should as toy: it become or suffocation If family includes DO NOT allow to with the or with its and from children from the of dishwasher, there of The Directive 2002/96/EC and (WEEE), that household of the collected to the recovery and recycling of the they and reduce the health and the The "wheeled the of obligation, that when of the collected. Consumers should their authority or information concerning the of their and respecting the and when the dishwasher While the dishwasher to with the Select that to the type of crockery and to the of the crockery using the with the which and the than the option and If electricity of electricity the when applied. The and the accordingly. Phosphate-free and chlorine-free containing that that phosphates or as these products to the effective action around 50C, and as containing with to the as 65C To wasting the based the the of the and the and of the crockery. they that the of Recycling Information of to the the right to to and Please of and To of to the and off with the of these to that the and the selected
Troubleshooting Whenever the to from the following Assistance Assistance). The dishwasher Switch off the the ON/OFF switch back or and the The properly. The dishwasher properly. The The released. the clacking heard. from the dishwasher. The dishwasher The each other or the amount of produced: the measured correctly or dishwashers and The and covered white or The too high. The and or bluish The crockery without selected. properly. The or the too and The The crockery from non-stick or plastic. The clean. The overloaded Loading the racks). The crockery The freely. The too amount of produced: the measured correctly or dishwashers and The the correctly. The or and The and The dishwasher in/Tap shut-off (the Drying and lights flashes). Water hose alarm/Water (the Drying and lights flashes). selected The dishwasher finished. The hose Installation). The The with food The of the or the to the of the and The the closed properly. The or the too There the supply. The hose Turn the and the The action when the lights flashing. Switch off the the ON/OFF the and switch the back seconds the the and the Switch off the the ON/OFF off the to the of and the from the the become and chapter). EN
Service Service EN to the of its than the Information Service the service the country offering to and to fast, service. UK: of Ireland: www.hotpointservice.co.uk Please the following information: and supply of as as accessory that and to and functioning efficiently throughout its life. UK: of Ireland: www.hotpointservice.co.uk Appliance to of ownership. To year with UK Peterborough, PE2 9JB Unit Recycling and Information of to the the right to to and Please of and To of to the and off with the of these to that the and the UK: of Ireland: www.hotpointservice.co.uk
the of which covers the of repairs months from the of purchase. This the that within that to of workmanship or or the to The and operated correctly and with operating and instructions. The only the electricity or supply the rating The only. The serviced, dismantled, or otherwise with authorised or or that become property. The the United or of Ireland. The cover: from or interference or as of installation. of item or accessory. These included to: batteries, light and covers and of of or plastic. THIS GUARANTEE WILL NOT APPLY IF THE APPLIANCE HAS BEEN USED IN COMMERCIAL OR NON- DOMESTIC PREMISES. offers free This with and the of authorised There charge To the warranty of Ireland offer selection of protection that to cover the of the of To the please of Ireland who and with technical within the first of ownership. Service of Ireland or, where necessary, to to months and This to the following Service EN
EN