Information To Routine Warranty White Consolidated, 72580A Printed U.S.A. IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Cleaner Please Household
should including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury. to cool, when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or as this attachments. with provided. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. from heated to properly grounded outlet only. to Grounding Instructions). combined rating of cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS This grounded. If should malfunction or breakdown, grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding The outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. DANGER of of shock. with or service as to whether the properly grounded. the with the If the technician. This and grounding that the A. temporary which the illustrated to this to as shown, properly grounded The temporary should properly grounded A, The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded cover. Whenever the used, screw. NOTE: the of temporary the Grounding of the Three IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS cord. To the the cord. or with or without when cord. with of and that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and anything that burning or such as matches, or fireplace or ashes. or fire the without or or with to the as the when cleaning to or such as or where they or lighted. them. Screw Grounding Grounded
GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to hose clogs. If grounded type and SJTW AWG Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and USA: when If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the The permanently and sealed. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the then to Authorized Service HOW TO USE Carrying this to from to another. The Cord Release Press to cord. Cord. The wrapped around the or the DANGER: cords Please instructions cord. to release the Suction the of the hose the to function. On/Off Switch. International On, International The of the this the other Blower the of the hose the blower to the blower function.
HOW TO USE Cord the the to cord. round of the as shown the other of The or directly when with outlet cover (attached to as shown). Cords NOTE: If used, the with grounded with and SJTW type. the cords to ON/OFF Switch International On, International Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or hose or These easy to and the instructions included this owners Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to LiftTool ON/OFF Switch Blower of hose the to as blower. NOTE: wear blower or that These NOT to or to supply to other Blower Suction of hose suction to as The the of the There the of the to with them back the location. Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Suction To hose from top of the accessory of hose or Hose or
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE Emptying the and or Cleaning the The instructions this as to To service the and emptying the every NOTE: or cleaners, or the and CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the the or the without the or the the Compartment the of While the of the cleaner, the to to cleaned. of the holding To the with another or The completely the cleaner. To cloth and the off the Reposition of the and To the the the the the to the of the the back the and the cool, to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM SOLUTION securely each another Clean or the If the to reduce suction when it the flow through the Empty hose suction from the hose that the and (CST), the and when to (CST), and (CST) the and when THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product. THE EUREKA COMPANY