Thank purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners To assembly to or QR If about please service We're to to (CST), to (CST), o QR. (CST), (CST), QR. Nous (CST), (CST), Products, Printed PN AS1060- AS1069 Upright cleaner; household type.
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and to and to and to clear to warranty information Thermal cut-off and Spanish owners French owners and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. when allow to whip when or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Cord Height located back of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. switch DCF21 EF6 HEPA Customer Service HELPLINE release and (located (located on/off cover SPECIAL FEATURES WAND cover Cord switch switch release Press to release empty. FILTER DCF21 or to suction Empty back clean, and to to off from from and thoroughly. EXHAUST FILTER EF6 regularly. every months or when performance noticeably Press and and cover. and Hose DUST CUP Empty each with to BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly BELT worn, or of Cord Carry hose hose clicks. front;
upright to to highest to turn when turned and upright while To or when using Turn to to length. To switch to or purchase) and hose from WAND of Short hose release to to of WAND off and then and baseboards, corners and tight or purchase) and Stairs below the to of NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose Customer Service HELPLINE to C TOOLS WAND WAND WAND FLOORS WAND WAND ENGLISH
to turned off and become with and threads from periodically. worn, or of touching the when or How to or release to screws from cover. off cover. and Thread around and of first. fits base. right of to stretch and right to screws to clear turned off and Hose hose from hose the hose to to to hose to of to clear hose back Hose to right and back Customer Service HELPLINE
to Turn back of screw. cover and off cover. warrants this to free from and workmanship of three household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty three years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products year warranty. of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty Clear from to threads or USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. cover back screw. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and turn the switch. If the the service clean or suction the of to turn. Cord Customer Service HELPLINE off and C Thermal cut-off securely another outlet or switch switch to Thermal cut-off "thermal cut-off" instructions Empty clean and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. Turn to worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose cleaning, height to on/off to off the cleaning, the on/off to the height height to height Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. Turn to Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose If suction of to height to higher worn, or of or of Cord and to completely.