Information Assembly to Troubleshooting Warranty White Consolidated, Printed IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE SERIES Please Household
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and
Assembly On/Off Switch Release Carrying Strap Carrying Strap Hose Cleaning NOTE: when operating the To the release and from cleaner. that the the to the to CAUTION: from outlet or of Release
to (continued) while and to length. the cleaning. CAUTION: The that firmly, otherwise of and the hand with the On switch to On Release from the release and Cleaning CAUTION: from the To the release and from cover and from from the and from cover and Occasionally the cover and Then they completely them back the cover and cover back the to the CAUTION: through the cleaner. the to overheat Release
Trouble Shooting PROBLEM SOLUTION firmly. or Empty or suction Turn off and from outlet and causing and Clean or the and from Empty and clean hand cover and instructions. hose or hose and/or brushes. from Empty and and clean cover and THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the Cleaners Service and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. THE EUREKA COMPANY