Service Information Warranty Products Printed Cleaner OWNERS GUIDE IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Lightweight Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the and or when If write to Products North Service North USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and Plate The rating plate the back of the shows the and service, to these numbers. and or CE (Cleaning Effectiveness This Amps the amount of electricity used. Cleaning Effectiveness this Cleaning Effectiveness its Amps. CLEANING EFFECTIVENESS the obtained from the of the amount of testing ASTM F608-97 the (the of the of the chosen as reference the rating USA: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS USA HOUSEHOLD TYPE MODEL TYPE SERIAL
On/Off Switch (optional) HOW TO ASSEMBLE completely to back the top of cleaner. with the cleaner. Release and the the accessory the the with the the and with the A. Tighten the
HOW TO ASSEMBLE Cleaner Cord the cord. around and to to HOW TO USE Switch NOTE: On without the the the switch the switch to to off. Select type of cleaning. cleaning the cleaning the NOTE: To as To as hand the the releasing the releasing the and off. Cord Unit the the to the with Edge The or cleaning. the suction to the and corners cleaning. To as To as the the Cord
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To the operating top the and the each Empty NOTE: Turn off the switch and the to service. from section and from the To Gently the sections together the the of and the and from (To to section.)
Clean NOTE: Turn off the switch and the to service. Clean the as necessary. of and the and from If the NOTE: The dishwasher thoroughly. the located the top to performance. or torn from The Company, IL To please telephone Clean NOTE: Turn off the switch and the to service. The to and the the from and threads cleaning. the of the of the the ineffective because the the To the effective cleaning, diswasher.
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat the The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the Cleaners Service and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to Products North America, Service North USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting cations and with quality, performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further tion toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related USA: GEN INE EUREKA PRODUCT