Information Warranty IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), and to or the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE SERIES Please White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. Household
basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this only recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and or when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. HOW TO ASSEMBLE Assembly The assembly with the owners The and included with Cord C Cord Screws
HOW TO ASSEMBLE the the and the together the and the the as shown (A) the of the and the assembled from the cleaner. Then the the (E) the rear of the cleaner. the the other (A), and Cord the the (B) as shown. the the the to enough the the strained when the lowered. Cord the (F) the the top of the properly, the of the (F) the (C) as shown. the the below. Press around C SNAP outer with from To the coupling seat the base. the screws hand, then with screwdriver. the the top of the cloth the the back of the HOW TO USE The upright to of carpeting. to the upright as to the covering With the of the foot, to release the located the of the cleaner. the and to the upright, operating the height the and cleaning Switch The switch mounted the the Switch and from the with the foot the ON; to the OFF. BAG SUPPORT Cord The attached to the the around the the to the to ON/OFF 3.Clean Underneath
Cleaner Height WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Recommended of as or thick Thick If the height they thicker or where the height to match the height. to the following chart of recommended types. The front of the or which or lowers the to match the type of With the the to the as While the off and from the the the operating the back to the from the and the Then the the the switch, the and the the If the to follow the and the the higher testing the the to the or to the higher the slightly, the to However, the with the effective cleaning. HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and the efficiency of cleaner. The of to the the enough to allow to through. If the becomes through the and cleaning of the the frequently. and performance the appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the to To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the throat there the top or of the NOTE: Turn off the switch and the cleaning To the wiped with cloth and then thoroughly type of as chemicals the cleaner. the should clean, The the upright the to and the The should to the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the the to To Worn NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when servicing the of the or or throat off GENUINE EUREKA G. TOP THROAT BOTTOM
Release instructions. around with of and to stretch the around the of the pulley. to The rotating and the the from and threads the of the straight the the ineffective the the To the effective cleaning, the should replaced. to off the pulley. and Then, with base. of of base. Seat and GENUINE EUREKA THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the Cleaners Service and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should only and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. Q: How using products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. THE EUREKA COMPANY