Upright Cleaner Household Index Service Information Assembly............................ Thermal Accessories........................... Hose Customer Warranty IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to (CST), to (CST) of or items to shipped to to through
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with blocked; free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. plancher CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears, hose clogs, and with Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then to Authorized Service USA: VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: on/off switch off NOTE: the CAUTION: catch cover From front of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to with inch screw the assembly head screwdriver. Hose and Upholstery Nested Wands Hose Hose Hose
C front cover. Press and cover from cleaner. Cord Cord Cord to the the front cover. the the of the front cover of and cover clicks Next the around the the right of cleaner. On the to release the Turn the to the cord. NOTE: to when the the to the to
HOW TO USE The upright allows of and or with attachments. the the the upright or as the height to lowest cleaning. to higher to easy the back to the of the cord. The rotates to release cord. back to upright release. back to On or switch. or Release Height WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the cleaner height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. NOTE: ease the operating and back to from front NOTE: upright off This Height the cleaners the operating Clean ON/OFF Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off once. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least attempting to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the to Authorized Service HIGH LOW Release
How To NOTE: or as the with the while hose from of cleaner. accessory of with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. Hose shades, shelves. (On cushions, (On cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Nested Wands to reach. Turn to together. Upholstery both
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the cracks or or threads wound around the or the because the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the to to Turn the of the powerhead facing screws to release and together and with height You to with of screwdriver. off of powerhead. around pulley.
around pulley. right with base. right of to stretch base. to seat front front of base. height and head together and and screws. GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA Right and The the of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the and the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and with Indicator) to to the The the cover the as the through the of or The performance the appears to the to performance. to GENUINE EUREKA performance. If performance, obstructions the hose or
How To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or the It to the to the the To A. front cover. Press front cover B. and straight of and from cleaner. of To New C. and straight D. and E. front cover. catch front cover. the the of the front of and cover clicks using
How to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose and suction of hose or suction, If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing cover and screws. that the obstructions to clear the Flexing the hose the the clearing the and cover. NOTE: If performance to following cover. Press and cover from cleaner. hose and suction of screws.
to and Clear the hose from the hose and the hose Proceed to to other head together and turn with off of head. the the and the screws the to the upright the hose the hose to Turn the of the head facing screws to release the and found there. The hose cleared of using
the with each Clean or as To Clean cover. Press and from cleaner. The located the To and straight from cleaner. from to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. the each of back cleaner. cover. GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA
WARNING: the as this the with hose which cleaning HOW TO ASSEMBLE AND USE the hose attached to the cleaner. the hose to the of the hose. You ready to STAIR CLEANING HOSE with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. the NEVER STAND ANY CLEANER ABOVE YOU. NEVER POSITION ANY CLEANER ON THE STAIRS AS THIS COULD DAMAGE THE CARPET. WARNING
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the or the If the and to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the suction the of the the If the to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the from the and from the or of to Height Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then the and of turn. or of or of Cleaning height Cleaner Height operating the back to the front wheels off Then the and through the and when to (CST), to (CST) the and when
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: only products cleaner? A: Typically, and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. customers purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty 190A THE EUREKA COMPANY GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
to thru to Accessory Items This Nested to reach. both Turn to together. Thank selecting cleaner. White Consolidated Printed 71434A Not To Dont to and CAUTION: caused the of covered the Warranty. screw)