Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed PN83335 o o o o o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE Promotional off and when Promotion promotion o o o o o o Servico service o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to Information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and HEPA How to self-cleaning and to EXT-U and light to Clear Hose Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish French and Customer Service HELPLINE of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this only recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Self-Cleaning Activation Headlight READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. switch OFF (O) cord. DCF21 HEPA HF7 Customer Service HELPLINE Hose Switch and Screen (located Nested HEPA Compartment Height located back of EXT-U Cord Hose DUST CUP Empty each Press to release empty. FILTER DCF21 Clean or regularly, to suction Empty cover, back to off and and screen thoroughly. HEPA FILTER HF7 within months cover and off. and EXT-U BELT worn, or of Release Cord Carrying Cord Cord Hose Release it clicks. from cover and and thoroughly, as front; BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly
to upright height to high using hose hose Self-Cleaning and high-reach areas. Can or charge: switch and seconds to or charge Turn off and from cleaning chamber. Short Turn to to and turn to and and corners. and near and and of and of or and (with or purchase) and Stair Hose (with or purchase) and below the If to of to the of and Customer Service HELPLINE ENGLISH
turned off and become with and threads from periodically. EXT-U worn, or of touching the when or to or release to screws from cover. off cover. and Thread around and of first. fits right of to stretch and right base. to screws Light turned off and to and HEPA Unscrew the and with rated and screw HEPA and to upright Customer Service HELPLINE to
to Clear turned off and Hose hose from hose Flexing the hose hose screws and cover. Clear from and screws and cover Hose hose from and access, and clear back and hose both warrants this to free from and workmanship of years household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase only when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the consumers purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or securely another or or suction the of turn. to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and switch Turn switch to Thermal cut-off Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose cleaning, height to height cleaning, height to another and Hose height and/or Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. clogs from the hose that the hose hose to higher worn, or of or of