Information Cloth Troubleshooting Warranty IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Mighty Please White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. Household
using basic should including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near only as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING or with or without with free of and anything that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the overheats. Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the and regularly, as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling
ASSEMBLY to Mounting Bracket and Hose Bracket to Wall located least inches This incorporates such as switches, or the that to or that Mount where there beneath the wires, To when mounted mount within reach of The hose located anywhere the hose from the to location the screws. the the as shown. the anchors. the anchors. the with the anchors. screwdriver to the screws the anchors to the to Mount Wall Bracket Turn the rotating wheel the wheel the the top of the mounting and the the when HOW TO USE Mounting Bracket Hose Bracket Combination CAUTION: on/off switch off ON/OFF Switch (A thermostat the off overheats, Cleaning the of accessory the of the hose and slightly to If reach the hose first. and cleaning corners, baseboards, cushions. Combination One with and and upholstery. type of ON/OFF Switch the to reduce suction. Combination
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the cloth and Clear hose with the blower, the and the when Cloth and The cloth and the efficiency of the cleaner. The of the cloth to If the or the become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating efficiency, the cloth and the as and performance the cloth appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the cloth to and the to cleaned or to Empty the Cloth NOTE: Turn off and the cloth or cleaning the without the cloth or Turn off and cleaner. and To cloth and the off the cloth Reposition of cloth NOTE: the cloth the and necessary, clean. the cloth and cover. to and Clean NOTE: Turn off and the emptying cloth or cleaning the without the cloth or Turn off and cleaner. cover and cloth the Clean brushing or with another If heavily and cleaner. cover closed and to latch.
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn OFF the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM SOLUTION securely another switch ON. suction of clogs from hose that flow, then front cover and firmly. Reduced suction hose covered. clogs from hose that flow, then try off. and and to (CST) and to the and when THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the Cleaners Service and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If necessary to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. Q: only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. THE EUREKA COMPANY