(Optional) Mighty Cleaner INDEX Service Information Warranty of Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or it to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with free of and anything that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning or such as or where they lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
CONSEILS DE SCURIT LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures tous boutons fiche fiche che- tout chose toute corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating plate located the back of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools the and regularly, as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO USE should cleaned heavily areas, and once the slowly, and backward) the covering The to clean the factorsincluding type of and amount of Swivel to Hose Release Cord Combination ON/OFF Switch (A thermostat the off overheats, Shut-Off) HEPA On/Off Switch Swivel
Cleaning and cleaning to the right to to to thick and to to retracted the to reduce suction. corners, baseboards, cushions. cushions, shades, shelves. Combination One with and and upholstery. type of purchased separately. the of accessory the of the hose and slightly to If reach the hose first. *Upholstery (optional) Combination (optional) (optional) Combination to right to
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and Clear hose with the blower, the and the when dirty. and The and the efficiency of the cleaner. The of the to the the enough to allow to through. If the or the become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating efficiency, the and the as and performance the appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the and to (optional) high two-layer, that with to the than The (three from or other locations. the MM. to MM NOTE: Turn off and the or cleaning the without the or Turn off and cleaner. latch. GENUINE the BAG CLOSURE FLAP and EUREKA PRODUCT notch then and
to MM NOTE: Turn off and the or cleaning the without the or Turn off and cover Clean heavily to HEPA the HEPA with each change. or every to HEPA the the and and to release the from the housing the cleaner. with slightly corners and to rear housing and securely the cleaner. Rear Housing
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn OFF the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION suction of hose Reduced suction off switch turned ON Hose cover latched Hose thermostat Assembly or related securely another switch ON. clogs from hose that then front firmly. covered. clogs from hose that then try and and AM8:00 PM the and when
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the arranty the purchase Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, If it to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: N3H 2N7.
warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty the breach of this warranty to the or to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the This warranty rights. You other rights which or apply to urther and EUREKA PRODUCT GENUINE A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: should and cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: using products cleaner? about Products A: there quality, and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these customers the they related Q: there to or and and THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty
location of Warranty Station or Service Information, White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A.