Service Information to Warranty...................................11-12 Customer Mighty IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to through of or items to shipped to to through Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this with or If as it should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with of and that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
CONSEILS DE SCURIT LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures tous boutons fiche fiche che- tout chose toute corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This only If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating located the back of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the and regularly, as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO USE CAUTION: on/off switch off should cleaned heavily areas, and once the slowly, and backward) the covering The to clean the factors including type of and amount of Swivel to Hose release ON/OFF Switch (A thermostat the off Shut-Off) Swivel Combination HEPA or Blower ON/OFF Switch
Cleaning and cleaning (optional) Combination or effective cleaning. treads and Blower To the the off. the hose from the hose the front of the cleaner. the hose the blower the back of the cleaner. This useful cleaning of the the to reduce suction. corners, baseboards, cushions. Upholstery cushions, shelves. Combination One with and and upholstery. type of purchased separately. the of accessory the of the hose and slightly to If reach the hose first. (optional) Combination (optional) The blower cleaners with the HEPA
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and Clear hose with the blower, the and clean or the when dirty. to and Empty NOTE: Turn off and the or cleaning the without the or Turn off and cleaner. and Release and back to release. to from To follow these instructions of
The the efficiency of the cleaner. If the become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating efficiency, or clean the as and performance the appear to dirty. that reason, when or cleaners, or the to to and NOTE: Turn off and the or cleaning the without the or Follow the the previous to the from the Release and back to release. to from and off and If further cleaning, using completely clockwise to and following the and dishwasher with cloth. GENUINE the Product and counter clockwise to
to Clean or Turn off and cleaner. and Clean and heavily completely to HEPA the HEPA each the emptied. or as How to HEPA the the and and to release the from the housing the cleaner. of housing and securely the cleaner. of and Rear Housing
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn OFF the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION suction of hose Reduced suction off switch turned ON Hose or Canister latched Hose or thermostat Assembly or related securely another switch ON. Empty clogs from hose that then If dirty, or with firmly. Empty covered. clogs from hose that then If dirty, clean or with and and attachments. AM-8:00PM the and when
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the arranty the consumers purchase Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: N3H 2N7.
warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or This warranty rights. You other rights which the or apply to apply to urther and White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. GENUINE A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: should and cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: using products cleaner? EUREKA PRODUCT about Products A: there and reliability. customers purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Q: there to or and and THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty