Information Hose Warranty Products Printed Index IMPORTANT to the assembly or of or items, or to and to shipped to Customer Service free to (CST), and to PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. OWNERS GUIDE Household
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or with carrying capacity. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA If write to Products North America, Consumer Service, P. O. USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with free of and that reduce airow. This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or brushroll. The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the suction overheats. Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the and regularly, as or the to overheat. Authorized Warranty Station the cooling approximately
IDENTIFY PARTS HOW TO ASSEMBLE completely or the the with the the the the and the the clicks the and the to from the the the with the the the and the to the cleaner. the of the with the the cleaner. the release to the The properly when hear click. Hose and Hose the hose the top of the the hose with the the hose coupling and counter clockwise to lock. Cord Hose Suction Switch Release Hose Coupling Cord the around the then around and to to Unit. the release to the its The when heard. Clean Clean Release Cord Hose Connector
HOW TO USE Switch This switch. Suction Only, and II Suction and cleaning suction (I). cleaning, suction and (II). The allows cleaning. Airow the suction to the and corners cleaning. HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To the operating top the and clean the each To allow the to the of the Empty CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. release the from the housing. the counterclockwise to The with the the (To clean to section.) the back the the the and the correctly the the clockwise locks. the of the the housing. the top of the back Clog the This clean-out which allows the of the to that become the location.) CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. On the of the the Clean-Out located the the the the back of the and rotating the this and from the If the from the of the to the the of the the clean-out the front and rotating the the the that the the without reattaching the clean-out On/Off Switch
Switch This with which the off the of The switch located the right of the CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. Turn off the and the obstruction from the the back the switch and then the to cleaning. and threads from the Hose and CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the to service. the hose from the hose the of the and the hose the top. Turn the hose counter clockwise to from the to the hose hose or attachments, hose or Turn the hose clockwise to from the hose to the hose around the top hose and the of the the hose Clean CAUTION: Turn off the switch and Clean as necessary. and assembly. and the and from If the The washed to thoroughly. NOTE: The dishwasher from the release and the the to performance. of housing. top of back You from Products N.A., Consumer Service, P. O. DCF-10, PN To please telephone the to service. dishwasher.
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to Products North USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should only and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specications and with performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: How using products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty ELECTROLUX HOME CARE PRODUCTS NORTH AMERICA USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT