Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed o o o o o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE Promotional off and when Promotion o o o o o o Servico service o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to Information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of Cleaner and HEPA and height to and to EXT-U and light to Clear Hose Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish and Customer Service HELPLINE of Follow information wherever this
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or it to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. when allow to whip when or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Cord Headlight READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. Moving the DCF21 HEPA HF11 Customer Service HELPLINE Hose and (located HEPA Compartment Height Cover located back of EXT-U Cord Carrying Cord Switch ON (I) OFF (O) Release FILTER DCF21 regularly, as Empty back to off and thoroughly. cover and off. and Hose Hose Connector Hose DUST CUP Empty each to release empty. clicks. and front; HEPA FILTER HF11 within months BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly EXT-U BELT worn, or of from
Cord to length. Press to cord. release and to height. Height foot to or lower. the lowest cleaning If to the reach the effective cleaning. upright of coupling and to length; to and corners. and and (with or purchase) Stair Hose purchase) and below the If to of to the of or NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose using The of Products, Inc. Customer Service HELPLINE New easy to without to ENGLISH
turned off and become with and threads from periodically. EXT-U worn, or of touching the when or to or release to screws from cover. off cover. and Thread around and of first. fits base. right of to stretch and right to cover screws Light off and HEPA and Unscrew the and with rated cover and screw. HEPA and cover. Customer Service HELPLINE to
to Clear turned off and Hose hose from hose Flexing the hose hose screws and cover. Clear from hose and screws and Hose and from hose If screw from hose and warrants this to free from and workmanship of year household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the consumers purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Customer Service HELPLINE C The Warranty Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH C
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and turn the switch. If the to authorized service or securely another clean suction the of to turn. Cord Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and switch switch to Thermal cut-off and Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when it flow through the to and properly. worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose attached securely to and of height Turn height to another and Hose height Cord and Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the to and properly. clogs from the hose that the hose attached securely to and of to higher worn, or of or of