70262C White Consolidated Printed U.S.A. Upright IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to (CST), and to PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Household
Index Service Information Assembly................................. Thermal Accessories Hose Warranty....................................10 Light READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and allow to as toy. when as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as without become To burns, when cleaning to or such as or cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: WARNING the when and servicing. or matches, or ashes. touching the when servicing the where they
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears, hose clogs, and with Service Information The instructions this as to service information the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and when If write to: The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3N 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then to Authorized Service HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: on/off switch off NOTE: the Hose to hose Hose the front cover. with the the hose of the hose (shortest There or B. Each identically. hose top of The hose the the notch. IMPORTANT: MUST BE attaching the USA: Hose Notch
HOW TO ASSEMBLE (Continued) CAUTION: catch From of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to Once that the hose completely the of the with inch screws the assembly or head screwdriver. front cover. front cover, both of cover top. thumbs of cover and to the with the hose the front cover. Hose C Hose and Carrying or Wands HEPA Cord You the of the or the the the This the of the the Next the around the the of cleaner. On the to release the cord. Turn the to the cord. NOTE: to the to the to Cord Hose when the Cord Combination Cord Cord
HOW TO USE The upright allows of and upholstery or with attachments. the the the upright or as the height to lowest cleaning. to higher to easy the back to the of the cord. Located the the the the the the of the while release. back to On or switch. or Cleaner Height WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the cleaner the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. NOTE: ease the operating and back to from front wheels. NOTE: upright off This the cleaners the operating Clean Release LOW HIGH Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off once. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least to the cleaner. the and the switch The should If the to Authorized Service Cord ON/OFF Release
To NOTE: or as the with the while with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. NEVER STAND ANY CLEANER ABOVE YOU. NEVER POSITION ANY CLEANER ON THE STAIRS AS THIS COULD DAMAGE THE CARPET. which purchased, of the following hose from rear of cleaner. accessory of hose or shades, shelves. (On Upholstery cushions, (On Combination of cleaning (On to shelves. upholstery cushions, cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Wands Nested Wands to reach. both Turn to together. Upholstery
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the to to screws to release to of and around pulley. with base. GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA right of to stretch right base. to seat the front should seat locating screw Tighten screws. around pulley.
HOW TO MAINTAIN (Continued) and The the efficiency of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the and the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and To AA NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or the NOTE: AA to HEPA and the of the HEPA AA to Micron and the of the Micron NOTE: without HEPA or Micron option, AA rather than AA It to the to the the using to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose and of hose or suction, If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing the from the the screws and the the rear. Once the the hose from the straight the hose that the using to clear the hose. Flexing the hose the the hose clearing the the hose the top of the reattaching the hose and NOTE: If performance to following To Cover A. front cover. both of cover top. thumbs of and B. slightly and to To New C. of below D. and notch with hose E. corners to rear of to hose F. and G. front cover. catch front cover. C suction of
to and Clear Hose (Continued) hose. HEPA Cartridge with HEPA the HEPA with each or To HEPA and back. Then and To HEPA of cleaner. the to NOTE: To the of sealed HEPA of the HEPA the hose and Latch Cartridge (One to and Clear the the screws located the top of the and upward. the release and the the to the the the and the screws the to the upright and the hose the hose HEPA/Micron with HEPA/Micron the HEPA/Micron with each or To HEPA/Micron from and back. Then and of To HEPA/Micron of cleaner. the to the hose from the hose and the hose Proceed to to other the and found there. The hose cleared of
the with each Clean or as To Clean from to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. with stiff/printed back and with colored/smooth and Micron and HEPA with the or HEPA every months. To Micron or HEPA the the and cleaner, smooth facing right with Micron or HEPA THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
HOW TO MAINTAIN To Light (only with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light screws from cover. from cleaner. light and front. light to release. light to light and back cover. cover. with screws. light NOTE: Turn off the switch and servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION the or suction the of the Headlight from the Cleaner to turn. Cleaning height turn. Thermal and Hose Hose Light Height securely another to the If the to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. cover properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. clogs from the hose that the the If the to reduce suction when the through the clogs from the hose that the both of the light and from the or of Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then the and of or of or of operating the back to the front off Then the and through the and when to (CST), and to (CST) the and when