Upright Household Service Information Assembly Thermal Accessories........................... Hose HEPA Light Customer Warranty.............................. IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to through of or items to shipped to to through
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This creates suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. recommandations fiche service bordures tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. plancher CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to hose clogs and Service Information The instructions this as to service information the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating located the back of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then to Authorized Service USA: VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: on/off switch off CAUTION: the NOTE: the CAUTION: catch Cord From of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to Once that the pinched the and the back the the back of the with inch screws the assembly head screwdriver. Hose the the the hose (shortest the the top of the and the The the hose the the when hose properly. hose and If properly, the hose of the hose
C that the seated the thumbs and firmly. NOTE: carrying the back of cleaner. D. Cord the around the the of cleaner. Turn the to release the cord. Turn the to the cord. the to the to Hose and Hose Cord Cord Carrying
the each the Clean or as To Clean from from or with another to back and with colored/smooth HEPA the HEPA frequently. or as from or them from The Company, Bloomington, IL. and To HEPA and HEPA back. Then and To HEPA of cleaner. the to or cleaners, or the and
To NOTE: or as the with the while hose from rear of cleaner. accessory of hose or cleans corners, baseboards, cushions, tracks. shades, shelves. Upholstery cushions, To the and the length. Release
to The instructions this as to To service the and To Empty NOTE: Turn off the switch and the emptying the without the or the Emptying the It clearly when the and as shown to completely It to the another CAUTION: The washed should used. thoroughly NOTE: The with the with than the with the This the when the with the the with the to completely. allow to directly the To Micron NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the Micron the without the or the outward from top where shown and back and clean the Micron once month to performance. The cleaned with another or brushing off the Recommended of the Micron once every three months. To the Micron the the the back of the and firmly. The connected the the from and with to and GENUINE EUREKA 28115A. the GENUINE EUREKA
HOW TO MAINTAIN (continued) The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when the to to the located the top of the and upward. These to or the of and
To around pulley. around with base. GENUINE EUREKA the right of to stretch right base. to seat the front should seat self-locating Turn to lock.
to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose and suction of hose or suction, Empty If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing hose from hose clockwise and upward. Once the hose from the that the to clear the hose. Flexing the hose the the hose clearing the the hose the top of the cleaner. NOTE: If performance to following Hose hose clockwise and upward. hose the hose and suction of
to and Clear the hose from the hose and the hose Proceed to to other Upright the release and the the to the the the and the screws the to the upright and the hose the hose Lowest cleaning Release the the located the top of the and upward. These only to or the graphics the the and found there. The hose cleared of
the each the Clean or as To Clean from from or with another to back and with colored/smooth HEPA the HEPA frequently. or as from or them from The Company, IL. and To HEPA and HEPA back. Then and To HEPA of cleaner. the to or cleaners, or the and
To Light with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light screws from cover. from cleaner. with hand and light to release. light to light and back cover. cover. with screws. light
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the Clean or the If or the to reduce suction when the through the hose the properly seated the Empty There chambers the The chamber with the than the chamber with the This the chamber with the the chamber with the or of the the Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the hose the and to suction the of Hose Hose to seat the the Clean or the If the to reduce suction when the through the and Hose clogs from the hose that the hose the and to Headlight Light light to from the and clean or items from the or of to Cleaner Height operating the back to the front wheels off Then the to higher or of height operating the turn. back to the front wheels off Then the
VACUUM CLEANERS UPS) City State Telephone IMPORTANT: to include type, and numbers. These found the rating and To HOURS: and through Accessories/Tools FAX To or U.S.A. and to through this Please to include and phone numbers. of C.O.D. or money to The currency. Charge to MasterCard Acct. as shown acct.) White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. The P.O. IL U) Life, of of HEPA 60285B Micron of Upholstery 26708-119N Wall Keyboards Hose Assembly Headlight Assembly UPS) City State Telephone ORDER FORM (Not Qty. (USD) to without as Charge (within U.S.A.) TOTAL TOTAL ENCLOSED
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of years. The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If it to the community to warranty the to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with quality, performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these customers the they related Household Warranty THE EUREKA COMPANY GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
Assembly Items This hose Thank selecting cleaner. White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. 70483A Dont to and connected to screws)