Upright Household Service Information Assembly Thermal Accessories........................... Hose HEPA Light Customer Warranty.............................. IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to through of or items to shipped to to through
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or as this only recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. plancher manche CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears, hose clogs, and with Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating plate located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then it to Authorized Service USA: VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: clear of when NOTE: the Hose To the hose the CAUTION: catch From of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to with inch screws the assembly or head screwdriver. the hose to secured. Hose Compartment C below and notch with hose of back and and hose securely and front cover and cover. caught the front cover. Cover front cover of front cover cleaner. front and firmly, the top of the cover, to
Hose and Optional and of the Carrying or Wands HEPA Hose Cord Combination Cord Cord Cord front cover the front cover and the front and Hose to the with the hose the front cover. You the the the the This the of the the Next the around the the of cleaner. NOTE: to when the the to the to Cover
HOW TO USE The upright allows of and upholstery or with attachments. the the the upright or as the height to lowest cleaning. to higher to ease the operating and back to from front of the cord. Located the the the the the the of the while release. back to On or switch. or Release Cleaner Height WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. NOTE: ease the operating and back to from front NOTE: upright off This the cleaners the operating Clean Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off once. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the to Authorized Service Cord ON/OFF Release LOW HIGH
To NOTE: or as the with the while using which purchased, of the following hose from of cleaner. accessory of with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. shelves. (On cushions, (On Combination of cleaning (On to shelves. cushions, cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Wands Nested Wands to reach. both Turn to together.
of (On The to whether or clean. the light the light indicating cleaning this If there the light the and light cleaning causing the light to With cleaning, the first the light should NOTE: The to the cleaning with The light from the cleaned. to the To properly. While the light the backwards the off the of inches. seconds the light should off. HINT: New which the light
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the touch the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the to to screws to release to of and
around pulley. around pulley. with base. right of to stretch right base. to seat the front should seat self-locating screw Tighten screws. GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA and The the of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes through the and cleaning of the the and the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and
To AA NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or the NOTE: AA to HEPA and the of the HEPA only NOTE: without HEPA option, AA rather than AA It to the to the the To Cover Latch A. front cover the front cover B. of from and the front cover and slightly and to To New C. below D. and notch with hose E. of back and F. and hose securely and G. front cover and cover. caught the front cover. C
to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose and suction of hose or suction, If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing the hose from the Press hose and obstructions that the to clear the Flexing the hose the the hose clearing the the hose the the hose to secured. NOTE: If performance to following Disconnect Hose Compartment hose and suction of the Hose Compartment
to and Clear the hose from the hose and the hose Proceed to to other Upright the release and the the to the the the and the screws the to the upright and the hose the hose cleaning Release the the screws located the top of the and the and found there. The hose cleared of
HEPA Cartridge with HEPA.) the HEPA with each year or every To HEPA and back. Then and To HEPA of cleaner. the to NOTE: To the of sealed HEPA of the HEPA the with each Clean or as To Clean from to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. with stiff/printed back and with colored/smooth (One HEPA/Micron with HEPA/Micron the HEPA/Micron with each or every To HEPA/Micron from and back. Then and of To HEPA/Micron of cleaner. the to and
Micron and HEPA with the or HEPA every months. To Micron or HEPA the the and cleaner, smooth facing right with HOW TO MAINTAIN (continued) To Light with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light screws from cover. cover from cleaner. light and front. light to release. light to light and back cover. cover. with screws. light Micron or HEPA
WARNING: the as this the with hose which cleaning HOW TO ASSEMBLE AND USE the hose attached to the cleaner. the hose to the of the You ready to STAIR CLEANING HOSE with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. it the NEVER STAND ANY CLEANER ABOVE YOU. NEVER POSITION ANY CLEANER ON THE STAIRS AS THIS COULD DAMAGE THE CARPET. WARNING
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the or the If the and to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. cover properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the suction the of the the If the to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the Headlight Light light from the and from the or of Cleaner to Height Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then turn the and of turn. or of or of light off. New fibers. and the light to the authorized service Cleaning height Height operating the turn. back to the front off Then the and through the and when to through the and when
VACUUM CLEANERS UPS) City State Telephone IMPORTANT: to include type, and numbers. These found the rating and Accessories/Tools To HOURS: and through FAX To or U.S.A. and to through this Please to include and numbers. of C.O.D. or money to The currency. Charge to MasterCard Acct. TOTAL as shown acct.) White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. The P.O. IL AA), of AA), of AA), of of U) Life, of HEPA Micron of Nested Wands Combination as or Upholstery Hose Assembly Hose Assembly without Hose Assembly Stair Hose foot Hose Assembly with inch) inch) inch) Light UPS) City State Telephone ORDER FORM (Not Qty. (USD) 58623A 58236A 60285B 58728B 26708-119N 54785A 54646A to without as Charge (within U.S.A.) TOTAL ENCLOSED
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: If write to The Service North USA. write to The N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty THE EUREKA COMPANY GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
Accessory Items This upholstery Thank selecting cleaner. 70820A Not To to thru Dont to and caused the of covered the Warranty. hose assembly screws) White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A.