purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners If about please service Were to to (CST), to (CST), Promotional off and when Promotion (CST), (CST), service Nous (CST), (CST), promotion Products, Inc. Printed Upright cleaner. Household type
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the of the cleaner. to these when and or service Please these instructions assembly and This owners instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. Whats the and assembly How to of to and to to clear to warranty information and thermal cut-off Spanish owners French owners and Customer Service HELPLINE of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or near only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING ENGLISH
Whats the with and hose assembly Please instructions this cleaner. the top of clicks hose back of to Customer Service HELPLINE OWNERS GUIDE of REGISTRATION Press to release empty. FILTER DCF21 Clean or regularly, to suction Empty back to off Clean and THOROUGHLY. and without BELT-86100 worn, or of DUST CUP Empty each clicks. THOROUGHLY. front; BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly
to of cleaner release Carrying to and ready to switch to foot cover and back to turn off. To upright when using upright and off Press release to from top of To directly and to of or baseboards, corners and tight and below the Customer Service HELPLINE on/off cover release switch release Hose hose ENGLISH
to turned off and become with and threads from worn, or of touching the when or to or screws from cover, and screws from plate off cover and from completely from Thread and around then other of around of first. fits base. right of to stretch and right to cover. screws to clear turned off and hose front to and to Customer Service HELPLINE cover. to hose from to back
Screws Turn back off cover. Clear from screws. to threads or warrants this to free from and workmanship of year household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty from the of purchase only when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. o o o o o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, Customer Service HELPLINE to The warranty write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. cover back Tighten screws. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
turned off and clean or suction the of to turn. Thermal cut-off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off and the Check the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and turn the switch. If the to authorized service or Customer Service HELPLINE securely another outlet or switch switch to Thermal cut-off instructions below. Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. Hose clogs from the hose that the Rotating worn, or of or of