Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed PN81161 o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE o o o o o o o o Servico service o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to Information this information the type and of purchase and type these the of the cleaner. to these when and or service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and to and hose. to Clean light, to clear Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
using basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or it to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Cleaner Hose Hose light READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. switch OFF (O) cord. DCF10 HEPA DCF Customer Service HELPLINE located back of switch Hose Hose Press release off with Empty attached Top FILTER regularly; as and to and from REPLACE FILTER within months DCF10 HEPA DCF Choose HEPA Cord release release suction DUST CUP Empty each counter-clockwise to back Top Top clockwise to lock.
Turn suction to HOSE. Press switch to suction only. and corners. of and of hose or (with or purchase) Stair Hose purchase) and below the If to of to the of The of Products, Inc. Customer Service HELPLINE to upright hose hose ENGLISH
to turned off and Clean Turn to and threads from Light Turn off and light that caused the to to Clear Hose hose from hose Flexing the hose hose clockwise to hose from Clear from hose Turn to cover from clean-out to and from base. If clogged, and off from of Customer Service HELPLINE
warrants this to from and workmanship of household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty from the of purchase only when the the with operating instructions. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. ENGLISH
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or clean or light suction the of hose. Customer Service HELPLINE off and switch Turn switch to suction or Turn switch to II suction and Empty and/or Hose clogs from the hose that the Clear from hose suction turned to FLOOR' hose of and Empty and/or Hose clogs from the hose that the Clear from hose suction turned to 'HOSE' hose of If the to reduce suction when through the to and properly. If the to reduce suction when flow through the to and properly.