70239C White Consolidated Printed U.S.A. Upright Cleaner IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Household
Service Information Assembly................................. Thermal Hose Warranty....................................10 Light READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and allow to as toy. when only as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as without or become To burns, when cleaning to or such as or cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should followed, including the following: WARNING the when and servicing. or attachments. matches, or ashes. touching the when servicing the where they
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If it to the the GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears, hose clogs, and with Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to: The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3N 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The and sealed. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch once and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and turn the switch. If the then to Authorized Service HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: on/off switch off NOTE: the Hose Hose the the hose of the hose (shortest hose top of The hose the the IMPORTANT: MUST BE attaching the USA: Hose Notch
HOW TO ASSEMBLE (Continued) CAUTION: catch From of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to Once that the hose completely the of the with inch screws the assembly or head screwdriver. Cord NOTE: to when the C Hose and Carrying or Wands HEPA that the seated the thumbs arrows and firmly. NOTE: carrying the back of cleaner. Hose Combination
HOW TO USE The upright allows of and or with the the the upright or as the height to lowest cleaning. to higher to easy the back to the release. back to On or switch. or Height WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from moving (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. NOTE: ease the operating and back to weight from front wheels. NOTE: upright off This the cleaners the operating Clean Release Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off once. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the to Authorized Service ON/OFF Release LOW HIGH
To Accessories NOTE: or as the with the while with the below hose from of cleaner; the back or the front of the cleaner. NEVER STAND ANY CLEANER ABOVE YOU. NEVER POSITION ANY CLEANER ON THE STAIRS AS THIS COULD DAMAGE THE CARPET. which purchased, of the following hose from of cleaner. accessory of hose or only) to hose or effective cleaning. treads and shades, shelves. (On cushions, (On Combination of cleaning (On to shelves. cushions, cleans corners, cushions. Wands Nested Wands to reach. both Turn to together. Upholstery Upholstery
HOW TO MAINTAIN (Continued) The instructions this as to To service the and To Micron NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the Micron the without the or the outward from top where shown and back and the Micron once month to performance. The cleaned with another or brushing off the Recommended of the Micron once three months. To the Micron the the the back of the and firmly. The connected the the from and with to and GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA To Empty NOTE: Turn off the switch and the emptying the without the or the FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REMOVE THE CYCLONIC CASSETTE FROM THE CASSETTE BODY, REFER TO ABOVE. Emptying the It clearly when the and as shown to completely It to the another CAUTION: The strong should used. thoroughly using NOTE: The with the with than the with the This the when the with the the with the to completely.
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To touching the when the to to screws to release to of and around pulley. with base. GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA right of to stretch right base. to seat the front should seat locating screw Tighten screws. around pulley.
to Clear Hose Turn off the switch and the clearing release. the Turn the back and or counter. the attached of the hose assembly and from the hose clogs the hose and throughout the hose assembly. that the Clear from the hose or the hose assembly that the Flexing the hose the the the hose assembly, and reassembled the If the to the the and clear the hose the HEPA Cartridge with HEPA Check the HEPA with each change. year or To HEPA and back. Then and To HEPA of cleaner. the to NOTE: To the of sealed HEPA of the HEPA Cartridge (One Hose with the each or as as To from and back. Then and of To of cleaner. the to GENUINE EUREKA HEPA Micron, Hose Assembly Attached
the with each change. Clean or as To Clean from to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. with stiff/printed back and with colored/smooth and Micron and HEPA with the or HEPA every months. To Micron or HEPA the the and cleaner, smooth facing right with Micron or HEPA THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Cover of the that such as light and and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. customers purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
HOW TO MAINTAIN To Light with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light screws from cover. cover from cleaner. light and front. light to release. light to light and back cover. cover. with screws. light NOTE: Turn off the switch and servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION the or suction the of the Headlight from the Cleaner to Cleaning height turn. Thermal Hose Hose Hose Light Height Height securely another to Clean or the If the to reduce suction when the through the hose the properly seated the Empty There chambers the The chamber with the than the chamber with the This when the chamber with the the chamber with the or of the the Clean and thread from and worn. clogs from the hose that the hose the and to Hose to seat the the hose attaching the The the Clean or the If the to reduce suction when the through the clogs from the hose that the hose the and to light and or items from the or of operating the back to the front off the Then the to higher or of operating the back to the front off the Then the and through the and when to (CST), and to (CST) the and when