Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed o o o o o o o o o o o o Servico service LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE o o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of information and to self-cleaning and to and or to clear Hose warranty information Thermal cut-off and Spanish owners French owners and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
using should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This only If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Hose and cover READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. the DCF18 Customer Service HELPLINE Nested Height information SPECIAL FEATURES chamber with Self-cleaning and FILTER DCF18 Clean or to suction To Unlock from cover. cover, counter clockwise. counter clockwise. to with cover; clockwise. cover to to and release DUST CUP Empty each to release empty. LOCK OPEN and cover to FILTER DCF18 within months cover; with clockwise. cover to to lock. and cover to lock. BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly BELT worn, or of Hose Carrying Hose Hose switch clicks. off and thoroughly.
IMPORTANT: Push/twist hose cover to self-cleaning and high-reach areas. Can or suction Turn and seconds to Turn off and from cleaning chamber. Short Turn to to and turn to and and corners. of and and Turn to and of and of of or and hose (with or purchase) and below the If to of to the of and to cleaning hose cover and fits tightly. IMPORTANT: Hose attached performance. Customer Service HELPLINE to upright ENGLISH
to turned off and become with and threads from periodically. worn, or of touching the when or to or release to screws from the front of cover and cover and Thread around and right of right of to stretch right with and to cover and screws Customer Service HELPLINE
to clear off and of hose and hose to hose to If clogged, screws and hose from back hose both To screws and cover. to clear Clear from cover and screws. warrants this to from and workmanship of household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. o o o o o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the consumers purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
Thermal cut-off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or securely another outlet or suction the of turn. to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and switch switch to Thermal cut-off and Empty clean and/or If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. and cover to worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose height cleaning, height to another and Hose height Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to screen and properly. and cover to clogs from the hose that the hose hose to higher worn, or of or of