Upright Household Products, Inc. Printed USA o o o o o o Promotional OGC7 off and when Promotion OGC7 o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA o Returning, Customer Service Servico to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST),
to of Where to Information You Information HEPA to Cleaner to or to light to hose Thermal Cut-Off and How to Clear Warranty Information Spanish and HEPA EXT-U Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near as this only attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet If the the the If it to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
Where to Information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of Cleaner Cord Hose switch On (I) (O) (located Headlight release cover Customer Service HELPLINE Nested HEPA HEPA Stair carrying Selector hose Upholstery Carrying hose hose
instructions using this cleaner. switch OFF (O) cord. HEPA RR and HF2 WHEN DEBRIS REACHES FILL LINE RR to front cover. of back and to to front cover. to MONTHS, OR EACH TIME YOU REPLACE DUST BAG Clean or to to from or off HEPA to with back of Customer Service HELPLINE Information without MONTHS HEPA HF2 BRUSH ROLL Clean BELT or Press cleaned or front cover. ENGLISH
turned off and Routine of service the and and threads from periodically. or become with touching the when or to or to Press release to Turn screws and off and around and of first right of fits The appear to This to plate and screws. light turned off and to and HEPA Unscrew the and with rated cover and screw HEPA and to upright Customer Service HELPLINE to
upright hose using cleaning, to to Turn height to If rotates, properly. hose from back of of or Nested to reach of both and Turn to together. of corners, baseboards, cushions. bookshelves, and Upholstery cushions and (with or purchase) Stair hose (hose purchase) and below the If to of to the of or turn off from The of Products, Inc. Customer Service HELPLINE to ENGLISH
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or or suction the of to turn. cover Headlight Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and securely another switch Turn switch to (I). Thermal cut-off and and/or If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. Selector Turn to or Hose or clogs from the hose or that the cleaning, to to Turn height to If rotates, properly. height cleaning, height to another to and and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. Selector Turn to clogs from the hose or that the Hose or height to higher or or to to while upright cover properly Light light
turned off and If suction, to suction or to the cleaner. Hose hose the hose to If or suction, and and to to and from to from hose back, and from to from hose both and hoses. hose to Clean with dishwasher. thoroughly. Reassemble both to hoses With to the of both and of interlock. back of to to hose release to Turn screws and off to clear from plate and screws. Customer Service HELPLINE to Clear ENGLISH
warrants this to from and workmanship of years household Warranty only to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase only when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc.