Thank purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners If about please service Were to to (CST), to (CST), Promotional OGC7 off and when Promotion and (CST), (CST), OGC7 incluye Service Nous (CST), (CST), OGC7 Products, Inc. Printed Upright household type
to of Where to information information HEPA to to or to light How to tool, hose Thermal cut-off and to clear warranty information owners and hacer HEPA Customer Service HELPLINE of Follow information wherever this
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this only recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. How to of Hose switch On (I) (O) (located Headlight Height release cover Customer Service HELPLINE Nested HEPA HEPA Stair carrying Selector Cord hose Upholstery Carrying hose hose
Read instructions this cleaner. switch OFF (O) cord. HEPA RR and HF2 WHEN DEBRIS REACHES FILL LINE RR to front cover. of back and to to front cover. to MONTHS, OR EACH TIMEYOU REPLACE DUST BAG Clean or to to from or off HEPA it to with back of Customer Service HELPLINE information without MONTHS HEPA HF2 BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly BELT or Press cleaned or front cover. ENGLISH
to turned off and upright off. Routine of service the and and threads from periodically. or become with touching the when checking or How to or to Press it release to Turn screws and off and around and of first right of fits The appear to to plate and screws. light turned off and Unscrew the and with rated cover and screw Customer Service HELPLINE
upright off. hose using cleaning, to to Turn height to If properly. hose from back of of or Nested to reach of both and Turn to together. of hose. corners, baseboards, cushions. bookshelves, and cushions and and hose (with or purchase) and below the If to of to the of and Customer Service HELPLINE to ENGLISH
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the the service or suction the of to turn. cover Headlight Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and C Thermal cut-off securely another switch Turn switch to (I). Thermal cut-off and clean and/or If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. Selector Turn to or Hose or clogs from the hose or that the cleaning, to to Turn height to If rotates, properly. height cleaning, height to another to and clean and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. Selector Turn to clogs from the hose or that the Hose or height to higher or or to to while upright cover properly Light light
to clear turned off and If suction, to suction or to the cleaner. Hose hose the hose to If or suction, and and to to and from to from hose back, and from to from hose both and hoses. hose to Clean with dishwasher. thoroughly. Reassemble both to hoses With to the of both and of interlock. back of to to lock hose release to Turn screws and off to clear from plate and screws. Customer Service HELPLINE ENGLISH
warrants this to free from and workmanship of years household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase only when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. This warranty cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty To and the Product the top right corner. warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty type and located the rating plate the of the and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights.You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc.