Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed PN84289 o o o o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE o o o o o o Servico service o o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to Information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of Cleaner Information and to Accessories self-cleaning and to Cleaner and or to Clear Hose Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Hose and Height cover Information located back of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. the Screen DCF18 Customer Service HELPLINE Nested release SPECIAL FEATURES chamber with Self-cleaning and FILTER DCF18 Clean or to suction Empty To Unlock from cover. cover, counter clockwise. counter clockwise. to with cover; clockwise. to to and DUST CUP Empty each to release empty. LOCK OPEN and cover to FILTER DCF18 within months cover; with clockwise. cover to to and cover to lock. BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly BELT worn, or of Hose Carrying Hose Hose switch it clicks. off and thoroughly.
upright hose or chamber Self-Cleaning and high-reach areas. Can or suction Turn and seconds to Turn off and from cleaning chamber. Short Turn to to and to lock. and and corners. of and and Turn to and of and of of or and Stair Hose (with or purchase) and below the If to of to the of and Customer Service HELPLINE to Accessories ENGLISH
to turned off and become with and threads from worn, or of touching the when checking or to or release to screws from the front of and cover and Thread around and right of right of to stretch right with and to cover and screws to white This turning Customer Service HELPLINE
to Clear turned off and of hose and hose to hose to If screws and hose from back hose both To screws and cover. to clear Clear from cover and screws. warrants this to free from and workmanship of year household Warranty only to the purchaser and of household. This warranty from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or securely try another or suction the of turn. Rotating to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and switch switch to turn Thermal cut-off and Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when it through the and to and properly. and screen cover to lock. worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose height cleaning, turn height to another and Hose height Check Empty clean and/or If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. and cover to lock. clogs from the hose that the hose hose to higher worn, or of or of