Upright Household Information Thermal and Hose and Light Warranty IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to through of or items to shipped to to through
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and and clothing, and of from and wheel. or as the or the the with the the and the the while attachments. anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cleaner cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears and hose clogs. Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and when If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating located the back of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then to Authorized Service USA: MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO ASSEMBLE VACUUM CLEANER HANDLE CAUTION: on/off switch off STEP CAUTION: the the and the and the the each of the The should the assembly. STEP the from the of the and throw STEP the the with the owners It the to the below. Hose STEP hose off hose to allow to the While the the the the and screwdriver to securely. The The assembled and ready
HOW TO USE THE SELF-PROPELLED VACUUM CLEANER The upright to of carpeting. to the upright as to the covering using the the the upright or as the should cleaned heavily areas, and once the and back) the covering The to the factors including type of and amount of Selector the slightly or to the to the then the the the from to and around or throw the the to the and backward). NOTE: the the the the upright the from to The the when the switch turned OFF or when the the with the switch OFF and the the Selector (On Selected only) The Selector the suction of the cleaner. The Selector from to to the amount of cleaning The increases as the upward. the the front of the Select the of the and light cleaning The the The cleaning Selector
HOW TO USE THE SELF-PROPELLED VACUUM CLEANER to the Height WARNING: clothing, and of from and (such as the and wheel). Turn off the switch and the the height Turn off the switch and the the height If to the height to the the the operating the height to the This the to the the switch to the the to the and to finished cleaning, to and upright. or Clean Release On/Off (I/O) Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off switch to OFF cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least attempting to the cleaner. cool the and the switch to The should If the to Authorized Service Release High
HOW TO USE THE ACCESSORIES NOTE: or as the or with the while hose from of cleaner. accessory of the of the hose assembly. cleans corners, baseboards, cushions, tracks. shades, shelves. Upholstery cushions, Nested to reach. both Turn to together.
of (On The to whether or clean. the light the light indicating cleaning this If there the light the and light cleaning causing the light to With cleaning, the first the light should NOTE: The to the cleaning with attachments. The light from the cleaned. to the To properly. While the light the backwards the off the of inches. seconds the light should off. HINT: New which the light and Hose Hose
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the become To touching the when the Release the pressing the release This allow the to to the the screws located the top of the the upward, to Release the of the upward. right of and from around and pulley.
To around pulley. right of to stretch right of base. GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT around the the right of the of with base. (Right) the least three to seat the the the cleaner. the front of the the screws.
HOW TO CLEAR HOSE CLOGS NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing the front cover. release. Release the hose from the To release the the hose and to the to release. to from the resting the Turn the the back the and or counter. the attached of the hose assembly and from the hose clogs the hose and throughout the hose assembly. that the Clear from the hose or the hose assembly that the Flexing the hose the the the hose assembly, the the and clear the hose the Hose Assembly Hose
selected only) to to the The the the as the through the of or quickly. The performance the appears to the to performance. to GENUINE EUREKA AA performance. If performance, the hose or to and and AA The the efficiency of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the and the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the and the NOTE: AA to HEPA and the of the HEPA cleaners featuring HEPA filtration. To the Cover To A. the both of the the top, as indicated. thumbs of cover and the to that the back of the Hose GENUINE EUREKA AA C B. the of the slightly and to To New C. of below D. and notch with hose E. corners to of to hose the of F. the G. the front cover. catch front cover.
To HEPA selected the HEPA with each or To HEPA and the HEPA back. Then the to To HEPA of the HEPA cleaner. the to from or them from The Company, Bloomington, IL. the with each change. Cleaning the recommended To Clean the front cover. from the to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner. when completely the front cover. MICRON selected the MICRON with each To MICRON and the MICRON back. Then the of the housing to To MICRON housing then of the MICRON cleaner. the to
to Light with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light to screws from cover. cover from cleaner. light turn to release. light to cover. cover. with screws. light Release
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION Thermal to the Hose clogs from the hose that the hose the and If the to the the and clear the hose the the and clean or the and If the to reduce when the through the and cover properly hose and seated securely top of or of the the Clean and thread from and worn. suction the Hose clogs from the hose that the of the hose the and If the to the the and clear the hose the Hose Hose to seat securely the turning the the and or the If the to reduce suction when the through the and Headlight Light light from the and or items from the or of to Height Turn to higher operating Then turn the and to or of height Height operating Then the appear to function properly. securely another light New and off. the light to the authorized service
VACUUM CLEANERS UPS) City State Telephone IMPORTANT: to include type, and numbers. These found the rating and To Accessories/Tools HOURS: and FAX To or U.S.A. and to through Hose this Please to include and phone or money to The currency. Charge to MasterCard Acct. as shown acct.) The P.O. IL of AA of AA of AA Micron Micron Cartridge and Micron HEPA Cartridge Life, of Nested inch, each inch, each inch hose assembly with Light White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. UPS) City State Telephone ORDER FORM (Not Qty. (USD) 58236A 58623A 54777A 58728A 26708-119N to without as Charge (within U.S.A.) TOTAL TOTAL ENCLOSED
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following This Warranty Not of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with quality, performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these customers the they related THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
to through Accessory Items This selecting cleaner. White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. 59185C Not To upholstery Dont to and caused the of covered the Warranty.