Information Accessories to Warranty Index IMPORTANT this to the assembly or and of or items Customer Service to (CST), and to To and Customer Service free to (CST), and to or the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright Please White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. Household
should including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this only recommended attachments. with or If as should, or serviced or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using attachments. anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them.
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT toute chose toute corps. plancher
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This only If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. Information The to and or with the to hose clogs. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Assistance The instructions this as to service information please You should know the type and when Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then
To CAUTION: the completely CAUTION: clear of when NOTE: the from to the screw locations. Release the rotating the to the and the to from Screw Locations NOTE: Screws to properly the Screw Screw as the the top of the the screws the accessory included the To the the the screws.
C front of the of cleaner. and the to the right to Cord Cord Cord Cord You the the the the This the of the the Next the around the the back of the cleaner. the to the to Nesting Wands (shipped cleaner)
To CAUTION: and features. Cord To ON/OFF Switch. International On, International Latch. to the the to the right the the the HEPA To HEPA and from To HEPA top of the to and the the To to the to then and and from To the front of the of the the of rotating and Then to the right to the Stair To when cleaning Release. release. back to Press release to further to Light To to light the screws the To of to white through the This the Screws to Release these screws to release and to The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Wands. these the of the hose cleaning reach.
To Hose hose to hose Carrying this to from to another. Dusting/Upholstery Cord around them to Top rotates release of the cord. back to cord. Clear Turn Turn this to the to the clear To the back of the and to Hose the of the hose hose cleaning. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this on/off switch to off. cleaner. of overheating hose or If hose or found, the the hose or the least to the cleaner. cool the and the switch The should If the
To CAUTION: or as the with the while hose from hose the back of cleaner. accessory of hose or Hose Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Nested to reach. both Turn to Hose or
to and Clear Hose suction or to the cleaner. hose from hose and suction of hose or suction, Empty If to CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the clearing hose. from the clear turning to the right to release, then from cleaner. that the using to clear the To completely release hose from the screws. using to clear the Flexing the hose the clearing to reassemble Turn Clear Disconnect clear hose from hose and suction of Screws Release hose from Cord Hose
To The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when checking the to to screws to release to of and Clean from
around around pulley. right of to stretch right base. with base. to seat the front screws. U. To Pleated NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the Pleated the without the or the pleated assembly. Release rotating to the to the and from and and To of and top assembly back that securely and top of To performance, and the Pleated each the and The cleaned with and pleated completely
To the Pleated the assembly and and of the the pleated and turn counter clockwise to pleated from and from assembly with cloth completely pleated and clockwise to The pleated DCF-4, FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REMOVE THE CYCLONIC DUST CUP FROM THE CLEANER BODY, REFER TO PAGE Emptying the It clearly when the and from and the To mount assembly assembly seated top of front of the of cleaner. and the to the right to The washed should used. CAUTION: thoroughly assembly, with cloth. Assembly Pleated
Cleaning and HEPA Inspect the HEPA and as efficiency, the HEPA periodically. To HEPA and HEPA to and HEPA cleaner. To HEPA top of and HEPA supplied, GE1, To Light CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the light to screws from cover. from cleaner. with and light straight to release. light to light and back cover. cover. with screws. light HEPA HEPA
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to clean the or and Empty the the clean and properly. properly and secured. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the suction the of the and Empty the the hose. and properly. properly and secured. Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the Headlight Light light from the and from the or of Turn to higher to Height operating the back to the front off Then the and of turn. and clean from the or of and from the or of operating the Cleaning height Height turn. back to the front off Then the or
hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with quality, performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. Q: using only cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY THE EUREKA COMPANY