IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. plancher manche CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears and hose clogs with Service Information The instructions this as to service information the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to The Company, Service N. USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The and sealed. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then to Authorized Service USA:
front cover. and cover from to the with the the NOTE: cover properly front cover. NOTE: instructions.
To NOTE: with the while or hose from rear of cleaner. accessory of hose or to hose shades, shelves. cushions, cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Nested to reach. both Turn to together.
to and Clear suction or to the cleaner. To Hose (A) to hose hose (B) and suction of hose or suction, and If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the To hose from directly to Turn (C) to (D). clear (E) and from cleaner. At hose/clear (F) to release Check clear (G) back and and from cleaner. At hose/clear (H) to release both clear (E/G) and both hoses (I). NOTE: Clean with them dishwasher. completely to reassembling.
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and To right base. centered. NOTE: The appear to too This
the with each Clean or as without and from holding
Cleaning HEPA the HEPA with each change. least or To HEPA HF2 HEPA and HEPA To HEPA HEPA HEPA with the back of the HEPA HEPA the HEPA HF2. To Light with headlight NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light to screws from cover. cover from cleaner. light to light cover. with screws. HEPA
PROBLEM SOLVING of or items. NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to the or the If the and to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. cover properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the cleaning and the selection. Height cleaning, and selection. suction the of the the If the and to reduce suction when the through the the and or necessary. Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the Headlight Light light from the and from the Cleaner to Height Turn to higher operating the back to the front off Then the or of turn. or of On/Off to NOTE: to while the the upright light off. New and light to (CST), and (CST) the authorized service Cleaning height Cleaner operating the turn. back to the front off Then the cover or properly the cover to Selector clogs from the clear that the hose/floor cleaning, or of On/Off to the
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, free: USA: If write to The Company, Service N. USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty THE EUREKA COMPANY GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
to (CST), and (CST) Accessory Items This upholstery Thank selecting cleaner. White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. Not To of Dont to and caused the of covered the Warranty. screws) to