Upright household type type o o o o o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE Promotional off and when Promotion o o o o o o service o o o service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), Products, Inc. Printed
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of information and to and How to and or to clear Hose warranty information Thermal cut-off and Spanish owners French owners and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If cleaner as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
How to of Hose Hose hose switch Hose cover information information located back of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. the Customer Service HELPLINE Height cover HF16 SPECIAL FEATURES Chamber self-cleaning Stair hose EMPTY CUP AFTER EACH USE WASHABLE DUST CUP FILTER Empty latch; to release clicks. and off thoroughly yellow and cover. and cover to lock. EXHAUST FILTER HF16 within months To HEPA and off clear cover. HEPA EF16. Reposition cover. back HEPA cover BELT worn, or of Nested release to release cover. allow to thoroughly BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly Hose Carrying Hose
and and corners. of and and Turn to and of and of of or and Stair hose (with or purchase) below the hose to of hose or to of NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose Customer Service HELPLINE to upright accessory hose hose using ENGLISH
turned off and become with and threads from monthly worn, or of touching the when or to or release to screws from the front of and cover and Thread around and right of right of to stretch right with and to cover and screws to clear from to and to and threads and screws to height height high, or If cleaning to If to to higher Customer Service HELPLINE to
to clear turned off and If cleaning hose Turn off and then hose of hose to suction of accessory If suction, hose Turn off and hose to hose hose to If clogged, hose and hose from back hose both The warranty warrants this to free from and workmanship of years household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. o o o o o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the consumers purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Customer Service HELPLINE Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
Thermal cut-off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or securely another outlet or suction the of turn. Rotating to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and switch switch to Thermal cut-off and Empty clean and/or If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. and cover to lock. worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the height cleaning, height to and Hose height Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. and cover to clogs from the hose that the to higher worn, or of or of