Upright Household Index Service Information Assembly Thermal Accessories........................... HEPA Light Clear Customer Warranty.............................. IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free (CST) and (CST) of or items to shipped to to Monday through
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. plancher manche toute CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to and hose clogs with Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when If write to The Company, Service N. USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the switch. If the then to Authorized Service USA: VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO ASSEMBLE Assembly Items CAUTION: the CAUTION: on/off switch off NOTE: the hose from the to screw cleaner. From rear of cleaner, with screw locations cleaner. with the screws the assembly head screwdriver. Locations Screws Hose and Nesting Wands To hose hose and where indicated Hose Hose Combination
C Cord to the Cord You the the the the the This the of the while from when ready to or when hose and attachments. Next the around the the back of cleaner. The to release the cord. Turn the to the cord. the to the to Cord Cord and the to it properly with the the the affecting performance. With upright the front of the cleaner. facing the cleaner, the to the to the release The platform from the to the the back slightly the notch the and the the of the them and the the platform. to the and properly with the the top of the performance. the to the right to the to the and Platform Notch
HOW TO USE Cord To Height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. The cleaning located to lowest ease the operating and back to weight from front NOTE: The suction of higher height The recommended, the to performance and ease of WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Headlight. The headlight when operating light) Indicates when to cleaned or replaced. HEPA light) Indicates when the HEPA to replaced. The to whether or clean. the light the light indicating cleaning this If there the light the and light cleaning causing the light to With cleaning, the first the light should To the properly: A. While the light the backwards the off the of inches. B. seconds the light should off. ON/OFF Switch International On, International Located from to operation. The the Clean or as to performance. The collects the and Empty reaches the of or The performance the appears to Empty the and the to performance. facing cleaner, the to the release to release and the to the right to the to and cleaner. You as the HEPA Latch. and to HEPA to the HEPA to Release There release. The first the operating release to cleaning this to choose cleaning and carpeting. off and NOTE: upright off.
HOW TO USE Hose hose to hose Cord around them to The to release the cord. Turn the to the cord. Clear The clear the from the and the hose the Turn Located the cord, this the clear Carrying this to from to another. Combination Nesting NOTE: WHEN UNIT IS RUNNING, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REMOVE ANY OBJECT WHICH PREVENTS THE BRUSH ROLL FROM TURNING. off from the then from Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, follow this switch to off (O) cleaner. of overheating or If or found, the hose and or the least to the cleaner. cool the and the switch to the (I) The should If the to Authorized Service
To NOTE: with the while or hose from with twisting motion. hose from hose accessory of hose or Combination shades, shelves, cushions, and cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. of Hose Wands Nested Wands to reach. both Turn to together.
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to it and rotating the the cracks or tears. or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. NOTE: as of To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when the to or around and touching NOTE: The appear to too This screws head screwdriver. plate off base. of base.
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and To right base. pulley. NOTE: The appear to too This plate first front base. and screws. to the NOTE: Turn off the switch and the emptying the without the or properly With upright the front of the cleaner. facing the cleaner, the to the to the release The of the to the the back slightly installation. the notch the and the the of the them and the the to the and properly with the the top of the the to the right to the to the and Notch Platform
HOW TO MAINTAIN (continued) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the emptying the without the and properly FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REMOVE AND REPLACE THE DUST CUP FROM THE CLEANER BODY, SEE THE PREVIOUS PAGE. Emptying the It clearly when the and the from and of and reassembling the the with or with clear It thoroughly features and to when properly Cleaning and the each the emptied. The the Clean or as to performance. without the or dishwasher. To Clean facing the cleaner, the to the to the release The platform releasing the from and the top. the the of the and of twisting motion The cleaned with another or and thoroughly To the completely back the The yellow should the clear the of the the platform, then the the the top of the with both the and the to the right to the This the platform and the and Seals
Cleaning (continued) HEPA the HEPA once month. least or suction HEPA warning light. If light and HINT: ease of assembly, its back and to the following instructions. To HEPA HF2 HEPA and and of cleaner. HEPA To HEPA HEPA HEPA with the back of the HEPA of HEPA and the HEPA To Light NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light to screws from cover. cover from cleaner. light to light cover. with screws. HEPA HEPA HEPA
to and Clear suction or to the cleaner. To Hose hose and suction of hose or suction, and and or If to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the To hose from directly to To release hose, clockwise to release from hose Clear hose of hose to hose hose hose and counter clockwise to At clear to to release clear and from cleaner. At clear tube/hose clockwise to release clear from clear and hose NOTE: Clean with dishwasher. completely to reassembling.
to Reassemble Clear hose to clear hose and clockwise to the of the clear the to the location. top of and the Then turning the clockwise. accessory hose How to Compartment screws head screwdriver. plate off base. from hose location the Reassemble following
PROBLEM SOLVING of or items. NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal to clean the or and Empty the If the to reduce suction when the through the and the properly. platform properly. or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the cleaning Cleaner Height cleaning, suction the of the and the If the to reduce suction when the through the and the and or necessary. Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the clogs from the clear that the and properly Headlight Light light from the plate and from the to Turn height to higher operating the back to the front off Then turn the or of turn. or of On/Off to NOTE: to while the the upright light New and off. the yellow or (CST) lights and (CST) the authorized service height Height operating the turn. back to the front off Then the or of On/Off to with the top of the
VACUUM CLEANERS UPS) City State Telephone IMPORTANT: to include type, and numbers. These found the rating and To Accessories/Tools HOURS: and through FAX To or U.S.A. and (CST) and (CST) this Please to include and numbers. ON-LINE of C.O.D. or money to The currency. DiscoverCard MasterCard Acct. as shown acct.) The P.O. IL HEPA Cartridge HF2) R) Life, of Combination Hose Assembly Assembly Headlight Assembly UPS) City State Telephone ORDER FORM (Not Qty. (USD) 28251-119N to without as Charge (within U.S.A.) TOTAL ENCLOSED White Consolidated Printed U.S.A.
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the consumers purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, free: USA: If write to The Company, Service N. USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If necessary to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these customers the they related Household Warranty THE EUREKA COMPANY GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
Accessory Items This of Thank selecting cleaner. White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. To to thru and to Dont to and caused the of covered the Warranty. screws) to