Information... to Warranty 71496C IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright OWNERS GUIDE Please White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. Household
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and or when USA: IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. Check the of heating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the cleaner. the the back and the off switch If the then to Authorized Service
QUICK REFERENCE WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height ON/OFF Switch International On, International Cord To Latch. to to the and Latch. and to the to Clean the to performance. The from cleaning collected the Stair To when cleaning Headlight. Release release to back to operating Height that or lowers the to match the type of Hose hose to hose Cord around them to The rotates release. Nested The the Carrying this to from to another. Dusting/Upholstery the back of cleaner. NOTE: WHEN UNIT IS RUNNING, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REMOVE ANY OBJECT WHICH PREVENTS THE BRUSH ROLL FROM TURNING. off from the then from Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this owners Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the CAUTION: on/off switch off NOTE: the CAUTION: catch From rear of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to with the inch screws the assembly head screwdriver. NOTE: with screwdriver to both screws firmly seated. Hose hose and hose the of the hose the hose to Hose Hose Hose Hose and Accessories Cord You the the the the This the of the the Next the around the the back of cleaner. the to the to Cord Cord Cord Nested Wands
HOW TO USE Release release to back to operating To completely to the release Height that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front WARNING: clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height. Information: cleaning first that might the or the Clean NOTE: While or as the with the To hose from of and accessory of hose or Dusting/Upholstery Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Nested to reach. both Turn to together. Hose or
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE The instructions this as to To service the and emptying the NOTE: or cleaners, or the and NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the the without the or assembly Emptying the and and from cleaner. and counterclockwise to and of with twisting motion. and the to performance. Instructions to Clean or DCF3 To the and To and/ or with accessory You the cleaner. If further cleaning, To pleats, If cleaning, with cloth. completely and NOTE: These dishwasher NOTE: to cleaning it cleaning performance. the applying with clockwise while applying to The when properly assembled. To with facing the of of and upward,
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE (continued) the each the emptied. Clean or as To Clean the of the to If necessary, the cleaned with another or with completely GENUINE EUREKA with Cartridge with these the HEPA each emptied. or as To HEPA and from cleaner. HEPA and To HEPA of cleaner, to latch. HEPA both of cleaner. and NOTE: To the of sealed HEPA of the HEPA GENUINE EUREKA HEPA HF5. HEPA Cartridge with the each the emptied. or as To from and from cleaner. and of of To of cleaner. and GENUINE EUREKA HEPA HF6. PERIODIC MAINTENANCE To Light with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light the screw from cover. cover from cleaner. light of light cover. with screw. GENUINE EUREKA light Latch
PERIODIC MAINTENANCE (CONTINUED) The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when the to to three screws indicated screwdrivers to NOTE: The height to the lowest or highest to or the of and around around pulley. with base. securely right of to stretch base. IMPORTANT rotations to properly back cleaner. front three screws. screws. GENUINE EUREKA U. the GENUINE EUREKA
To Clear Hose off the switch and the clearing hose the back of the cleaner. from back of easy to hose Press hose together and hose from cleaner. The hose off hose easy to necessary. and If found, to If found, clear and to Nested Wands Hose hose the back of the cleaner. hose from of and the hose and Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear and to from and the the hose clear. the found and cleared, the the cleaner. hose back the hose. the hose the back of the cleaner, with the and the both Hose Hose
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM SOLUTION securely another Thermal the Clean or the If or the dirty, to reduce suction when the through the suction the hose of Clean or If the dirty, to reduce suction when the through the Headlight light from and clean or items from the to operating the back to the front off Then the to higher Cleaner height operating turn. the back to the front off Then the to or properly. cleaner. off. from the height the lowest or highest and (CST), through the and when to (CST), through the and when the properly seated the Empty hose back of cleaner. hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. clogs from the hose that the hose and Empty or of or of three screws from the top of the THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the consumers purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If necessary to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. Q: using only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. THE EUREKA COMPANY