location of Warranty Station or Service Information HOME CLEANING SYSTEM and CANISTER VACUUM CLEANER Service Information................. Assembly Assembly Light Warranty Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this only recommended attachments. The hose wires. or punctured. off this or hose or with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with when allow to whip when with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches or ashes. without or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
CONSEILS DE SCURIT LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). The If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The become the to seating to the cleaner. the without to the The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when USA: If write to The Company, Service Division, North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the the and the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type and indicated the rating plate located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the overheats. Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the and as or the to overheat; and Service Station the cooling approximately MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: HOUSEHOLD TYPE THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO ASSEMBLE AND USE Canister buttons of hose coupling; hose To the of hose coupling and to free cord. To cord, release to to together with to of Select cleaning illustrated the following On/Off switch. Switch when appears. and cleaning Swivel Hose to reduce suction
HOW TO ASSEMBLE AND USE Cleaning ON/OFF Selector or front back ON/OFF from the switch or ON/OFF switch. Other the switch. Remote of the of the to reduce or increase as Cleaning suction reduced to LOW High to increase suction cleaning. without Remote together. assembled turn to A). Press If the the of the hose, to B). below the C). hose and to assembly both of C Select or cleaning. and Press of hose assembled hose Release to reduce suction.
of hose coupling; hose the the the the of the To release the the of the and the cord. the the of the hose coupling and cord, and NOTE: cleaners release the rather than the D). to release cord. and when Cord with Optional Cover to rating of cleaner) when about service. release; back to On/Off switch. (A thermostat off the overheats, Shut-Off). Select or cleaning only. NOTE: Optional the hose only the switch ON/OFF Switch when warning appears. and to when appear to should performance.
Release On interlocking together. Release Assembly interlocking Release Assembly. the rear of the interlocking and top of the the of the top and A) hose and and to release Release Assembly Hose Top Cord
with To the with this option follow these instructions. This accessory reduces the It the of To the follow the and the UNPACKING AND ASSEMBLING Unpack and that the included. The consists of three Housing the of the as shown the the NOTE: If the already assembled to the the to the with three the the the top of the with the arrow the front of the housing. the the top of the housing clicks (You to the slightly.) the the housing. the the the the housing. Then the the and the and the the housing.
Units MAX MAX Units MAX MAX Cord Powerhead Unit Cord Short Powerhead Unit the the of the the top of the the of the the the powerhead the the the top of the housing, A. the Touch following instructions the owners Information which subjected to ashes which fire. Emptying Empty the of the each or when the to the MAX the following the instructions Empty the To the follow the The washed or and Thoroughly the with If the clogs, the to
To cleaning directly to of hose or with straight the of to hose or with motion shelves. Upholstery cushions, corners, baseboards, cushions, tracks. beams, polished and NOTE: with HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and and The and the efficiency of the cleaner. The of the to the the enough to allow to through. If the or the become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating efficiency, the and the as and performance the appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the to and the cleaned (featured To to the The Indicator, which located the the as the through the decreased. of or and performance the appears to Therefore, when the appears, the cleaners performance and the should to performance. If performance, the hose or the each turning the attaching the
high two-layer, that with to the than The (three from or other locations. the of GENUINE EUREKA FILTERAIRE To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or cover; Clean and or completely to GENUINE EUREKA track; cover. the GENUINE EUREKA the GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
The rotating and the the free from and threads brushing. the of the of the the ineffective the the To the effective cleaning, the should with and Light The the the to and the The should to that the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the to to Worn or Light Turn off the switch and the or become To touching the when servicing the four screws from Turn to light necessary. GENUINE EUREKA to to to to and around first; then the pulley. the base. right to seat to self-centered the pulley. with screws Item the GENUINE EUREKA GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: N3H 2N7.
warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which apply to urther and GENUINE A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: should only and cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: using products cleaner? EUREKA PRODUCT about Products A: there and reliability. customers purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Q: there to or and and THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty
(s59648) White Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A.