location of Warranty Station or service information Upright Household Service Information Chamber Headlight
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and moving that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
CONSEILS DE SCURIT LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears, hose clogs, and with Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating plate located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION:
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: Completely Assembly with owners the the base. to correctly, A. the the and the (A) the of the and from cleaner. the the to the the (A) of the and Cord C Screws
Cord Press the the the the of the cleaner. On the the and section, while the to the of The should the that the the To the coupling seat the base. outer with from the screw the screws hand, then with screwdriver. the the located the back of the section. Cord The attached to the However, release the of the frees the With the around the the to the to
HOW TO USE The upright to of carpeting. to the upright as to the covering the cleaning (optional). With the of the foot, to release the located the rear of the cleaner. the and to the upright, operating the height the and cleaning Switch The switch mounted the ON or OFF (O). Height WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. each with switch off and from ease the operating and back to from front ON/OFF 3.Clean
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and the efficiency of cleaner. The of to the the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the frequently. and performance the appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the to To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the the GENUINE EUREKA G. Micron (Micron the Micron effective to cleaned from the of The with another or the to If the The the should and the should right (150F 65C) and the cleaning thoroughly DO NOT USE AN AUTOMATIC WASHER OR DRYER as to the DO NOT DRY CLEAN as cleaning of assembly. throat off GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT NOTE: there the top or of the TOP THROAT BOTTOM throat
The the upright the to and the The should to the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To Worn NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To burns, touching the when servicing the IMPORTANT: of the or or Release wear instructions around with of and to stretch the around the of pulley. to GENUINE EUREKA GENUINE the EUREKA PRODUCT to off the pulley. and only. covers both and with base. base. of of base. Seat and locks.
The rotating and the the free from and threads the of the straight the the ineffective because the the To the effective cleaning, the the to instructions). To Worn Strips (chromed NOTE: Turn off the switch and the New of and To and How To Then, of and to C washer (D) included assembly. A. cover from Unscrew washer included bearing through with B. C. D. E. F. G. properly assembled, the should freely the the of the necessary. the and plate To Worn GENUINE EUREKA inch of (rounded first). from of with both of washer. with of of threaded Tighten and cover G. F. E. D. C. B. A.
Chamber (On NOTE: Turn off the switch and the cleaning. The clear, chamber cover easy inspection, cleaning, and of the chamber. Removing the cover easy to the Grease or other through the cover, should To the off the releasing the and the from, the pulley, then and the screws of the cover, as indicated the arrows. the outward the to the cover from the base. and easily cleared; however, caked grease to from the cover and the cleaner. If the freely, should cleaning. To the wrench the pulley. the with and turn the wrench counterclockwise. the and the off the Clean the and the the Tighten the clockwise with the wrench. If necessary, the cover or the with the Reposition the cover first the the Seat cover firmly. Next the and plate as the from the plate the cover. the screws to they straight, then chamber cover cover, screws)
Headlight NOTE: Turn off the switch and the headlight Headlight the notches that release the top, or of the as illustrated. screwdriver notch; or the screwdriver to release the the notch the the and to and backward. the the top or the of the to and each notch the NOTE: only. GENUINE EUREKA 40009A. NOTE: Turn off the switch and the cleaning To the wiped with cloth and then thoroughly type of as chemicals the cleaner. the should clean, White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A.