Information Assembly Assembly/Storage Accessories Troubleshooting Warranty Household IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Cleaner Please White Consolidated, Printed
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING or with with of and that reduce This creates suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. become To burns, touching the when servicing the DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheat- such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the then to Authorized Service ASSEMBLY PARTS
ASSEMBLY/ STORAGE around the of the cleaner. to to from the of the cleaner. HOW TO USE CAUTION: the switch off Switch On Suction The rotating cover the the cover the the action the of the to such as or upholstery. the cover to the cover the front of the cleaning backs. To injury, off the switch and rotating the Cleaning CAUTION: switch should suction only when the hose from hose cleaner. TM
HOW TO USE the of the of the cleaner. the the of the cleaning completed, back the of the and the hose the hose the cleaner. HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and Clear the and the when dirty. CAUTION: Turn off the switch and the emptying the or cleaning the CAUTION: the without the properly This the cleaner. and performance the appears that reason, when or cleaners, or the and cleaning and back the switch to the and from cleaner. and The cleaned brushing off allow to The and completely cleaner. dishwasher. of as shown and firmly.
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized." the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product". Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. THE EUREKA COMPANY