Please the type and below. You them when about or service. They found the rating attached to cleaner. It that attached. You of of purchase. Cleaning IMPORTANT: Index Service Information Shut-Off Assembly Accessories Light Customer Warranty Household
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or as this recommended with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated when allow to whip when cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off off this connecting or hose or cord. To the the cord. The hose wires. or punctured. or with with free of and anything that reduce airow. This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). The outlet only If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION The the to insure seating to the cleaner. the without or the to the and The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to If service required, telephone free: If write to Products, Consumer Service, P.O. USA. write to Products, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the the and the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type and indicated the rating located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools Check the and as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling approximately MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: HOUSEHOLD TYPE EUREKA BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
ASSEMBLY ITEMS NOTE: Unpack and Cord Switch Hose with and coupling with instructions and Carrying located the and of the Hose Compartment Integrated Wands the the when cleaning On
to and POWER-TOUCH Remote ON/OFF Selector or front back ON/OFF ON/OFF switch. interlocking together. assembled hose and hose coupling top of and hose located top of The outlet protection cover which slightly the of the the seated the or the function. and To and while release the to release back to On/Off switch. (A thermostat off the overheats, Shut-Off,) or cleaning selection only. Cleaning suction reduced to LOW HIGH to increase suction cleaning. ON Select or cleaning OFF Hose Release Foot Release
The the the of the cleaner. shades, shelves. corners, cushions, tracks. cushions, (On walls, ceilings, beams,
HOW TO MAINTAIN The and the of the cleaner. The of the to and the the enough to allow to through. If the or become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating the and the as necessary. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and The as the through the of or and performance the appears to the warning appears, the to performance. If performance, the and the hose and HOW TO CHANGE DISPOSABLE DUST BAG NOTE: Turn off the switch and from the without or To the hose to the of the closed, the and the To the corners of the the as as within the to performance. (The without properly Empty
to the and the regularly. Inspect the with each change. The the should cleaned when or about the cover, and of thoroughly. To cleaned or the of the with each every three or when dirty. included every three of cover. Press cover and cover of cover. cover notch cleaner. motion to seat cover clicks
The to and the the from and threads cleaning. the of the of the the ineffective the the To the effective cleaning, and Light The the the to and the The should to that the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the to to Worn or Light (On NOTE: Turn off the switch and the or become To injury, touching the when servicing the screws from Turn to light necessary. GENUINE EUREKA to to to to and around then the pulley. the base. right of to stretch right base. to seat with screws. GENUINE EUREKA
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat Products Products its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty Products the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, free: If write to Products North America, P.O. USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specications and with performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: using products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty ELECTROLUX HOME CARE PRODUCTS USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
Products Printed U.S.A.