Information Warranty Index this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. VACUUM CLEANER OWNERS GUIDE SERIES IMPORTANT Please White Consolidated, Household Printed U.S.A.
should followed, including the following To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated when allow to whip when or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING The hose wires. when or punctured. off this or hose or or with or without with of and that reduce airow. This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which automatically off the overheats. Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the and regularly, as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling
IDENTIFY PARTS OF CLEANER Cord On/Off Hose top of cover) Carrying the Cord ASSEMBLY together. assembled hose and locks. hose coupling top of from back of To and while NOTE: the cord. Then the The the of cord. HOW TO USE should cleaned heavily areas, and once the slowly, and back- the covering The to the factorsincluding type of and amount of release the to release back to ON/OFF (A thermostat the off overheats, Shut-Off) or cleaning selection only. Release Foot Press release of from
HOW TO USE POWER-TOUCH Remote ON/OFF Selector or ON front back Cleaning suction reduced to LOW HIGH to increase suction cleaning. ON/OFF ON/OFF switch. Cleaning cleaner) corners, baseboards, cushions. cleaner): shades, shelves. cleaner): cushions, and type of HOW TO MAINTAIN The and the of the cleaner. The of the to and the the enough to allow to through. If the or become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating the and the as necessary. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or clean the and ON OFF The as the through the of or airow and performance the appears to the warning appears, the to performance. If clean performance, the and the hose and HOW TO CHANGE DISPOSABLE DUST BAG CN2 and FILTER EF3 NOTE: Turn off the switch and from the without or To and the hose from the and of If dirty, clean or The cleaned brushing back and of and throw to release the If dirty, or The cleaned brushing and to latch. To and and The to and the the free from and threads cleaning. the of the of the the ineffective the the To the effective cleaning,
and Light The the the to and the The should to that the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the to to Worn or Light (On NOTE: Turn off the switch and the or become To injury, touching the when servicing the screws from Turn to light necessary. GENUINE EUREKA to to to to and around first; then the pulley. the base. right of to stretch right base. to seat with screws. GENUINE EUREKA 58065A. THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following This Warranty of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which THE EUREKA COMPANY