Information Warranty White Consolidated Printed IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to (CST), and to of or items to shipped to to (CST), To and to (CST), or PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. OWNERS GUIDE Household
basic should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated when allow to whip when cords or outlets with carrying capacity. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with of and that reduce airow. This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the cleaner to when the cools (approximately the and regularly, as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling approximately
IDENTIFY PARTS OF CLEANER Cord On/Off Latch Hose Cover top of cover) Carrying the Cord ASSEMBLY and cleaning the of accessory the of the hose and slightly to If reach the hose from back of To and while NOTE: yellow the cord. Then the The the of cord. HOW TO USE should cleaned heavily areas, and once the slowly, and back- the covering The to the factorsincluding type of and amount of ON/OFF (A thermostat the off overheats, Shut-Off) height to high or Combination the to reduce suction.
HOW TO USE Cleaning cleaner) corners, baseboards, cushions. cleaner): shelves. cleaner): cushions, and type of HOW TO MAINTAIN The and the of the cleaner. The of the to and the the enough to allow to through. If the or become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating the and the as necessary. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and The as the airow through the of or and performance the appears to the warning appears, the to performance. If performance, the and the hose and Empty HOW TO CHANGE DISPOSABLE DUST BAG CN3 and FILTER EF3 NOTE: Turn off the switch and from the without or To and the hose from the and of If dirty, or The cleaned brushing back and of and throw to release the If or The cleaned brushing and to latch. To and and
and TM TM the top of to hose the of the to the To Clean and to Allow to seconds to This action charge the and cleans each Release and off to to to to CAUTION: While off cleaner. NOTE: If and necessary. Also, to and straighten necessary. from to to clean and charge. THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to free from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specications and with performance, and satisfaction, the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related Household Warranty USA: GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT THE EUREKA COMPANY