Cleaning Service Information Shut-Off...... Assembly Accessories........................... Light Customer Warranty.............................. Household
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated when allow to whip when cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off turn off this connecting or hose or cord. To the the cord. The hose wires. or punctured. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. recommandations fiche service bordures fiche fiche rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). The outlet If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The the to seating to the cleaner. the without or the to the and The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to If service required, free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the the and the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type and indicated the rating located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the and as hose, or the to overheat; and Service Station the cooling MADE IN SWEDEN HOUSEHOLD TYPE TYPE MENAGER LISTED THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, IL SERVICE INFORMATION: TYPE SERIAL NO. MODEL UL C UL AMPS HZ
ASSEMBLY ITEMS NOTE: Unpack and Switch Cord HEPA Cover Latch Upholstery Hose with and coupling with instructions and Hose Canister Wands There located the of the the the when cleaning Powerhead
to and POWER-TOUCH ON/OFF Selector or front back ON/OFF from the POWER- TOUCH switch or ON/OFF switch. Other only the switch. together. assembled hose and locks. hose coupling top of and hose located the and To rewind, and while release to release back to On/Off switch. (A thermostat off the it overheats, Shut-Off,) or cleaning selection only. NOTE: Optional the hose the switch Cleaning suction reduced to LOW HIGH to increase suction cleaning. without Remote ON The Release foot allows the user to easily the the cleaning. To rear of the release foot and Select or cleaning OFF Release Foot Hose Release
to and POWER-TOUCH ON/OFF Selector or front back ON/OFF from the POWER-TOUCH switch or ON/OFF switch. Other only the switch. Remote (optional) to reduce or increase as hose located the and To and while release to release back to On/Off switch. (A thermostat off the overheats, Shut-Off,) or cleaning selection only. the to increase or as NOTE: Optional the hose the switch Cleaning suction reduced to LOW HIGH to increase suction cleaning. without Remote together. assembled hose and hose coupling top of The Release foot allows the to easily the the cleaning. To the of the release foot and Select or cleaning Release Foot Hose Release
the to The the cover. To cleaning them directly to of hose or the button-lock the round of hose or shelves. corners, baseboards, cushions, tracks. Upholstery cushions, (On walls, ceilings, beams,
HOW TO MAINTAIN The and the of the cleaner. The of the to and the the enough to allow to through. If the or become through the and cleaning of the To the operating efficiency, the and the as necessary. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the and The as the through the of or and performance the appears to the warning appears, the to performance. If performance, the and the hose and HOW TO CHANGE DISPOSABLE DUST BAG NOTE: Turn off the switch and from the without or To the hose to the of the closed, the and the To the the the The closed that Empty
efficiency, to the and the regularly. Inspect the with each The the should cleaned when or about the cover and the thoroughly. HEPA the HEPA/Micron with each change. or when dirty. To HEPA/Micron to the cover. cover the HEPA/Micron using HEPA/Micron cover.
The to and the the free from and threads cleaning. the of the of the the ineffective the the To the effective cleaning, and Light The the the to and the The should to that the stretching, cracking, or or thread wound around the or the the to unevenly. to Worn or Light (On NOTE: Turn off the switch and the or become To touching the when servicing the screws from Turn to light necessary. GENUINE EUREKA to to to to and around first; then the pulley. the base. right of to stretch right base. to seat with screws. GENUINE EUREKA
to Worn or Light (On CAUTION: and from hose or become To burns, touching the when servicing the To the light the screws A,B,C,D. to Light head its top. the four screws the head back cover to light light and of light cover and the four screws. GENUINE EUREKA to Worn head its top. the four screws the plate to and and around pulley. other of around base. cover and the four screws. GENUINE EUREKA 52201B. To the the screws
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with performance, and the and cleaning efficiency of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: using only products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
White Consolidated, Printed U.S.A. 71428A