Upright Household Service Information Thermal Accessories........................ Light Customer Warranty.............................. IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service to through of or items to shipped to to through
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended with or If cleaner as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while using anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they and cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING
LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. recommandations fiche service bordures rallonges tous fiche fiche toute chose toute corps. plancher manche CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS CONSEILS DE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to tears, hose clogs, and with Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating plate located the back of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Thermal This thermostat that protects the from further of serious overheating. If the off, the and to Authorized Service NOTE: The thermostat the off. MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
HOW TO USE CAUTION: on/off switch off NEVER LEAVE PLUGGED IN CLEANER UNATTENDED. upright type of the to clean or the the upright or as the INSTRUCTIONS FOR SERIES height to lowest cleaning. section below. release. back to There three and On On or (O) switch. Cleaner WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height The front of the that or lowers the to match the type of With the and the the the to lowest cleaning. to higher to and to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the back to weight from front INSTRUCTIONS FOR SERIES height to lowest cleaning. section below. to cleaning. release. back to There three and On On or (O) switch. three On, ESP and or Release Clean
The to whether or clean. the light the light indicating cleaning this If there the light the and light cleaning causing the light to With cleaning, the first the light should NOTE: The to the cleaning with attachments. If the light continuously, to the properly. the backwards wheels, the off the of inches, seconds the light should off. If then the off, and to the section of the light HINT: IF THE RED LIGHT WILL NOT GO OFF off the and the which the the the section to clean the to the Interruption Light Beam There and located each of the the of the to efficiently, the to off with cloth cloth NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the Turn the to off and with cloth followed cloth. They located the of the the the threads, hairs, and front of to catch each to plate back ESP Suction (On The ESP cleaning should cleaning. should when or cleaning high areas. three switch the (offered offers this ESP (On The light from the cleaned. Plate C NORMAL
Cleaning The turning when the the the upright or as the only) The allows from to cleaning. The hose notch the that the suction from the to the hose and attachments. Release Notch and the hose notch the back of cleaner). To back of and to hose the back of cleaner. or Selector The or Selector allows from to cleaning. Cleaning switch back. This the suction to the Cleaning with switch This the suction to the hose and
To NOTE: or as the with the while attachments. the of purchased, of the below to shelves. (On cushions, (On cleans corners, baseboards, cushions. Combination of cleaning to shelves. cushions, reach
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and The to and the and threads from the to the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the as the and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the because the the to unevenly. to NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when checking the CAUTION: of the or Turn the to and from pulley, around the pulley. around of of to stretch the with the and to and right to Turn the the the pulley. front of plate to catch each GENUINE EUREKA GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT the location of Warranty Station or Service information
The the of cleaner. The of the to the enough to allow to through. If the becomes clogged, through the and cleaning of the the frequently. and performance the appears to or cleaners, or the to GENUINE EUREKA performance. If clean performance, the hose or To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the the cover and cover and from the top of to from facing the of the the the top. top and of the cover cover the the then clicks
Soft the top of to from facing the of the the the top. top and of the outer the or GENUINE EUREKA U. GENUINE the EUREKA PRODUCT (optional) high two-layer, that with to the than The from or other locations. To Light NOTE: Turn off the switch and the light screws from the top of to light light GENUINE EUREKA headlight to with the screws.
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another clean the the If the or to reduce suction when the through the or of Clean and thread from and worn. Hose clogs from the hose that the or switch back. This the Selector only) suction to the or suction the of Hose Converter Hose to seat the the notch to the back of only) the cleaner. or switch This the Selector only) suction to the hose and the If the to reduce suction when the through the Hose clogs from the hose that the both of the or plate and clean from the Hose or around the hose Thermal to Headlight Light light from the plate and clean from the or of to Turn to higher operating the back to the front wheels off Then the and of turn. or of or of Cleaning height Height operating the turn. back to the front off Then the and the and when to through the and when
VACUUM CLEANERS UPS) City State Telephone IMPORTANT: to include type, and numbers. These found the rating and Accessories/Tools To HOURS: and through FAX To or U.S.A. and to through this Please to include and phone numbers. of C.O.D. or money to The currency. Charge to MasterCard TOTAL ENCLOSED as shown acct.) The P.O. IL U), of 54310A U), of U), of 57802A U) Life, of Combination 26708-119N 54785A Keyboards Hose inch reach) Hose inch reach) Hose inch reach) inch inch Light UPS) City State Telephone ORDER FORM (Not Qty. (USD) to without as Charge (within U.S.A.) TOTAL White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A.
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should only and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting and with performance, and the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. Q: products cleaner? A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related THE EUREKA COMPANY Household Warranty GENUINE EUREKA PRODUCT
Thank selecting cleaner. Dont to and White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed U.S.A. Not To to thru Hose caused the of covered the Warranty. Hose