Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed o o o o o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE Promotional off and when Promotion o o o o o o Servico service o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to Cleaner Information Please Record the type and below. of Purchase____________ This information located the rating plate the back of the to these when or when service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and HEPA How to self-cleaning and to or light and and light to Clear Hose Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish French and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of cover, and (located Self-cleaning activation Headlight Height Edge located back of the ON/OFF switch OFF (O) cord. cover DCF21 HEPA HF10 Customer Service HELPLINE On (I) (O) switch On (I) (O) switch HEPA light cover Nested to release empty. FILTER DCF21 Clean or to suction Empty back cover, to off and with LID WILL NOT CLOSE WITHOUT FILTER IN PLACE HEPA FILTER HF10 within months and to and Hose release release DUST CUP Empty each front; cover, and BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly Hose Hose Hose clicks. cover, and thoroughly.
How to upright to that off the switch OFF (O) hose chamber using Self-Cleaning and high-reach areas. Can or charge: switch and activation seconds to clean or charge Turn off and from cleaning chamber. Short Turn to to and to Combination and Baseboards, corners cushions and Turn to and of bookshelves, and hose from hose from back of of or and Stair Hose (with or purchase) and below the If to of to the of or NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose Customer Service HELPLINE ENGLISH
to off and become with and threads from periodically. worn, or of touching the when or How to or release to Turn its and screws Turn to front and cover and Thread around and then the of first and then the right to Turn its screws to the first. Then screws Light Turn off and light that caused the to Press the of the cover to Press top and switches ON and to Light turned off and to and HEPA Unscrew the and with rated cover and screw HEPA and to upright Customer Service HELPLINE
Clean or to suction to Clear turned off and Hose of hose and hose to hose to Hose Connector to from hose Hose cover. Clear from hose and warrants this to from and workmanship of years household Warranty only to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase only when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty Hose write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. of North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or turned off and securely another or suction the of to turn. switch Customer Service HELPLINE switch Turn switch to Thermal cut-off and Empty and/or Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. worn, or of Hose hose and Turn height to and switch off (O) height Turn height to another and switches and Hose height light Empty and/or Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. (Located clean to flow. hose and to higher worn, or of Press switch to from stretched or If light from around Press Press top and switches and