Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed o o o o o o o HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE Promotional off and when Promotion o o o o o o Servico service o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
Where to Information Please Record the type and below. of Purchase____________ This information located the rating the back of the to these when or when service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and HEPA to self-cleaning and to EXT-U and light to Clear Hose Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
using should including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This If the the the If to the the the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Cleaner cover, and (located Self-cleaning activation Headlight Edge located back of the ON/OFF switch OFF (O) cord. DCF21 HEPA HF Customer Service HELPLINE On (I) (O) switch HEPA EXT-U release release to release empty. FILTER DCF21 Clean or to suction Empty back cover, to off and with LID WILL NOT CLOSE WITHOUT FILTER IN PLACE HEPA FILTER HF10 within months to and and EXT-U BELT worn, or of Hose DUST CUP Empty each front; cover, and BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly Hose Hose Hose clicks. cover, and thoroughly.
Self-Cleaning and high-reach areas. Can or charge: switch and activation seconds to or charge Turn off and from cleaning chamber. Short Turn to to and to lock. to height attachments. Combination and Baseboards, corners cushions and Turn to and of hose. bookshelves, and hose from hose from back of of or Stair Hose (hose purchase) and below the If to of to the of or NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose using The of Products, Inc. Customer Service HELPLINE to Cleaner upright ENGLISH
off and become with and threads from EXT-U worn, or of touching the when or release to Turn its and screws Turn to front and and Thread around and then the of first and then the right to cover Turn its screws to the first. Then screws Light turned off and to and HEPA Unscrew the and with rated and screw HEPA and to upright Customer Service HELPLINE to Cleaner
Clean or to suction to Clear turned off and Hose of hose and hose to hose to Hose Connector to from hose Hose cover. Clear from hose and warrants this to from and workmanship of years household Warranty only to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. o o o o C C o o Parts of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the consumers purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty Hose write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. of North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off (O) and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or securely another suction the of to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and On switch Turn On switch to Thermal cut-off and Empty and/or Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. worn, or out-of-shape Hose clogs from the hose that the height cleaning, height to another and Hose height Empty and/or Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. (Located clean to flow. clogs from the hose that the flow. to higher worn, or of or of