Thank purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners If about please service Were to to (CST), to (CST), Promotional airspeed2011 off and when Promotion and (CST), (CST), airspeed2011 incluye Service Nous (CST), (CST), airspeed2011 Products, Inc. Printed AS1100-AS1109 With Upright cleaner; household type.
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and How to and to to clear and to type to warranty information Thermal cut-off and Spanish owners owners and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. when allow to whip when or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. To reduce the of shock this than the other). This only If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING ENGLISH
to of Hose Cord Suction located back of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. switch DCF25 assembly Customer Service HELPLINE release assembly (located (located Height EF6 SPECIAL FEATURES cover WAND Stair hose Cord switch switch release EF6 within months C To instructional please and Press and cover. and cover and HEPA cover Empty each Press to release empty. DCF25 Clean as to suction to release cover. allow to thoroughly and off thoroughly cover instructions and cover. screws and off cover. and cover to hose clogs to restriction. clicks. BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly TYPE BELT worn, or of Cord Carry hose hose
to length. to off and upright Turn to finished switch to or purchase) and hose from WAND of Short hose release to to of off and then WAND and baseboards, corners and tight or purchase) and Stair hose or purchase) below the hose to of hose or to of NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose Customer Service HELPLINE to using upright and to off TOOLS WAND WAND WAND C FLOORS WAND WAND ENGLISH
How to clear turned off and Hose hose from hose the hose to to to hose to of to clear hose back Hose to right and back to turned off and become with to Check and to threads or to with back screws plate and off. to To first then to fits securely. rounded and Press tightly, around screws Customer Service HELPLINE
type worn, or of Allow to cool completely servicing. screws from cover. off cover to release; cover from first, then from around to top of wheel wheel and front to wheel cover clicks. cover and screws C To instructional please to Turn back screw. of and off cover. Clear from to threads or cover back Tighten screw. warrants this to free from and workmanship of three years household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty three years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. This warranty cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights.You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the the service or suction the of to turn. Cord Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and C Thermal cut-off securely try another or switch switch to turn Thermal cut-off "thermal cut-off" instructions Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. Turn to worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose when upright and to back. height Turn height to another Suction plates suction plates to freely. Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. Turn to Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose If suction of to height to higher worn, or of or of Cord and to completely. back of to off