Thank purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners If about please service Were to to (CST), to (CST), Promotional off and when Promotion (CST), (CST), incluye Service Nous (CST), (CST), Products, Inc. Printed AS1000-AS1009 Upright cleaner; household type.
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of and to and to and to clear to warranty information Thermal cut-off and Spanish owners owners and Customer Service HELPLINE of Follow information wherever this
should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and and HEPA become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. To reduce the of this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING ENGLISH
to of located back of READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. switch DCF21 EF6 HEPA Customer Service HELPLINE and (located (located Height cover SPECIAL FEATURES cover switch release Press to release empty. FILTER DCF21 or clean to suction back clean, and to to off from from and thoroughly. EXHAUST FILTER EF6 regularly. months or when performance noticeably Press and and cover. cover and hose Hose Carry and release hose hose DUST CUP Empty each with to BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly BELT worn, or of clicks. front;
height to high Turn to WAND and hose from back of of hose release to to of baseboards, corners and tight and (with or purchase) and and (with or purchase) Stair hose (with or purchase) below the Attach hose to of hose or to of NOTE: Hose increased releasing the hose from the hose back of Reposition hose hose Customer Service HELPLINE to upright to to highest to when and upright while To or when using C TOOLS WAND WAND WAND ENGLISH FLOORS
to turned off and become with and threads from worn, or of touching the when or to or release to screws from cover. off cover. and Thread around and of first. fits base. right of to stretch and right to cover screws to Clear turned off and Hose hose from hose the hose to to to hose to of to clear hose back Hose to right and back Customer Service HELPLINE
to Turn back of screw. cover and off cover. warrants this to free from and workmanship of three years household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty three years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. o o o o o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty Clear from to threads or USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. cover back screw. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least attempting to the the the back and the switch. If the the service or suction the of to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and C Thermal cut-off securely another outlet or switch switch to Thermal cut-off Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to and properly. Turn to worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose cleaning, height to height Turn height to another Empty and/or and Clean or to suction. If the to reduce suction when through the and to screen and properly. Turn to Hose clogs from the hose that the hose hose If suction of turn to height to higher worn, or of or of