INDEX Service Information Warranty of Twin Household
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated when allow to whip when cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with free of and that reduce This suction. clothing, and of from and that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or when cleaning or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
CONSEILS DE SCURIT LISEZ TOUTES LES INSTRUCTIONS AVANT DUTILISER VOTRE ASPIRATEUR. AVERTISSEMENT recommandations fiche service bordures fiche fiche tous boutons fiche fiche che- tout chose corps. CONSERVEZ CES INSTRUCTIONS
To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This only If the the the If to the the fiche fiche fiche fiche. fiche fiche. GENERAL INFORMATION The to and or with the to hose or Service Information The instructions this as to service information telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should the type and when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the The permanently and sealed. Plate The type, and indicated the rating plate located the of the cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. Shut-Off To from overheating, this with thermostat which off the Should this Turn off the switch and the the thermostat allow the to when the cools (approximately the hose, and regularly, as or the to overheat. Service Station the cooling MODEL TYPE SERIAL NO. VOLTS AMPS. HERTZ SERVICE INFORMATION: THE EUREKA COMPANY BLOOMINGTON, ILLINOIS
IDENTIFY PARTS OF CLEANER Cord On/Off Hose top of cover) Carrying Micron HOW TO USE should cleaned heavily areas, and once the slowly, and backward) the covering The to the factorsincluding type of and amount of Hose ON/OFF (A thermostat the off overheats, Shut-Off) from back of cleaner. NOTE: the cord. Then the The the of cord. ON/OFF
Cleaning the of accessory the of the hose and slightly to If reach the hose first. and cleaning Combination the to reduce suction. back of cleaner) corners, baseboards, cushions. cushions, with back of cleaner) shades, shelves. shades, shelves. type of Hose reach of hose cleaning. purchased separately. Upholstery (optional) Hose
HOW TO MAINTAIN The instructions this as to To service the and Clear hose with the blower, the and the when dirty. and The and the of the cleaner. The of the to the the enough to allow to through. If the or the become clogged, through the and cleaning of the To the operating efficiency, the and the as and performance the appears to that reason, when or cleaners, or the and to to NOTE: Turn off and the or cleaning the without the or Turn off and cleaner. cover with and cover. to NOTE: Turn off and the or cleaning the without the or Turn off and cleaner. cover with and cover. and heavily soiled. completely GENUINE the from EUREKA PRODUCT of Latch
to (continued) the the front of the cover closed and to latch. to Micron the Micron with each change. or every Micron to the and from cleaner. Micron the of the from the and or The Micron cleaned brushing the Micron to the back of the and closed slightly.
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn OFF the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION suction of hose Reduced suction off switch turned ON Hose cover latched Hose thermostat Assembly or related securely another switch ON. clogs from hose that then try front cover it firmly. covered. clogs from hose that then and and attachments. AM8:00 PM through the and when
THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty only to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty Not Cover or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or unauthorized service or the of other than of the that hat The The its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the the purchase arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service If write to The Company, Service Division, North USA. write to The Company, N3H 2N7. If it to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the plate the cleaner. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station Authorized. To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: USA: Station.
warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or This warranty rights. You other rights which the or apply to apply to urther and White Consolidated Industries, Inc. Printed GENUINE the and cleaning of cleaner. this money and to clean. A: Products, which to exacting specifications and with quality, performance, and Q: should only about Products EUREKA PRODUCT A: Typically, products and Product further toll-free the location of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: products A: there and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they Q: there to or and related Household Warranty