TOOLS NEEDED FOR INSTALLATION (optional) with right-angle head Flashlight or (optional) HELPFUL HINTS FOR INSTALLATION boring to right-angle LOOK FOR OTHER HELPFUL HINTS INSIDE THIS MANUAL. or and Screwdrivers and Utility/razor chisel of or
Typical installations of Choose of of Existing New Warning
Typical Ranch MAIN FLOOR BASEMENT UPPER LEVEL LOWER LEVEL GARAGE CRAWLSPACE UPPER LEVEL MAIN FLOOR GARAGE BASEMENT GARAGE MAIN FLOOR BASEMENT MAIN FLOOR GARAGE CRAWLSPACE UPPER LEVEL GARAGE LOWER LEVEL CRAWLSPACE BASEMENT UPPER LEVEL LOWER LEVEL MAIN FLOOR MAIN FLOOR CRAWLSPACE GARAGE
Congratulations the purchase of It cleaning and The typically with costly and mess. This to installation, this building with them. of The Collection mounted the or to and from areas. and through from to the ASTM and cally Other of and the or each the powerhead and cleaning hose to the Choose already completed purchased Next, inventory the that with and the front cover.) Inventory the the them and what each called. three-inlet typically includes: mounting guards mounting
To reaches every throughout the house, the of and where to them. One to with insulation typically found where to locations centrally located or or Existing The within of outlet to to the switch the through low-voltage to turn the and off. New If low-voltage and household built theres should Installation coordinated with to the the Choosing the right the or sound the to the the the and that the the board. the other of the to clear of such as and outlets. or that Then the of the hose the the and the other and around the If of or that of the You to to reach everywhere from to with the You to choose location or another to cover the usually about this each of What about there and below the second- There options: and then the through the and through the of the and Another option to the the then and to the another to the directly the Although as as theyre to the where them, durability. where To through closet, mount the the and the and through the through
where to mount the To that and effectively from mount the attached If attached the or the location. that to with of to of the or the owners the installation. to and to the the beneath the whenever to with and the shortest the and the If the to to heater or and to with building that section. If the through unheated or other with insulation to and the of the Existing installation. Directly beneath the screwdriver to the molding Then, and straight from the the of and then holding the vertically beneath the the the or where the and intersect. Release the from the and the to as Then to the and the from the where the to Measure from the to the of the and cavity. You to inspection to the of or other Then ashlight and/or inspect the of the to there If there to the If there the of the hollow through the to the walls. The the to the ashlight and of If there back and the location the To that, the outlet to the from the to the of the At the from the the This the of If the homeowners the about the
mounting or off the and of the to the New Construction installation.) to the mounting Then the outline of the mounting the and the Then the or to though the the to the the back of the mounting The of the tting to of Apply around the of the and the tting the the the straight If to from the the of the apply to the of or Apply to the of the This from creating obstructions which about of low-volt through the the mounting the and of insulation from each strand. the clockwise around the screws the back of the the screws. to the of the low-voltage and to the or crawlspace. through or of ready with the mounting the then up...centering Existing the and the of the the to the Then, the the the mounting Screw the the with and screw, to the screw the facing the the screw to mount the the to Then apply to of and upwards through the the and the the back of the mounting information If hollow or the isnt enough, there alternatives: One to the through such as the of closet; then the Another to mounted the to with the through closet, then through the To this location the as installation. Then, of through both the perfectly the and with another. of right and the right the If there through both walls.
the the to the assembly and mounting the closet, through the beneath the the or to If there through the through the and through the to of closet. Assembly through the the assembly and to this assembly immediately the to low-voltage terminals the back of the the assembly through the and the assembly the with the of the Screw the to the Assembly installation. To with and the location as that the location or other obstruction, the slightly than the the to the low-volt reducer and the low-volt to the the low-volt to the Screw the to the homes. or each of trying to from to the of from the to branch or to the beneath the selected the enough to allow to reach the second- the the through the the the as Then, from the of enough to reach through the the plate to the the You to of and these and them apply to the the top of the from reaches the the of
Apply to the of the to the Other to reach the through the of or beneath or with If the serviced from the of couplings of overhead and to the from the reaches the If option the and bath...here the to the inlet...usually beneath cabinet...and molding or using of and the the below. through the beneath the to obstructions...and to the to the If there the the beneath the and the clearances. to the to and the the and the the the and the as New Construction installation. Select the and through the below to that the clear of or such as heating wires, At the location, through the The should from the of the and the front and back of the of stud-mounting assembly. of approximately through top assembly and back to assembly and to and of Screw of assembly Stud-Mounting Bracket Assembly (New Construction)
of through and stud-mounting assembly to the of the the height and the below the To or screw from the the or top to the the and as as the and painted, guards and The completed that and the the (Existing or New Construction) the farthest from the temporarily the or low-voltage from or overhead to the holding while of of the the assembly. together sections of without to things properly. the them the the the and and, using the to the To when and straight burrs from of the shoulder of the with the of the assembly
from to the and to the sections to the the the branch from the or top of the of the this to Typical the low-voltage as the or wires with each or branch the To the polarity right, wires of the to each othertypically and Proceed the from to or walls. If to through or and/or the through and patch the once and building regulations. The should required. the the to the with the screws of the mounting located the to allow easy of the cooling, there least the and the the where the C). If mounting board, or walls, mounting If mounting or the with and or anchors. to mounting walls, or from overhead.
To the low-voltage wires, the and the the terminals the terminals and the the The light should the switch and the should to life. the section of to the with and provided. the to the If with to the NOTE: Unit exhausted to to and the and If the should or of recommended. than wire. 120/220/230/240V to or owners installationto properly. thats to the of installation. to closed with hose or attached, and closed, there should or through the the when turned Second, with the through If hear whistling or hissing, to and areas, Third, the hose each of the to the Turn off the switch the hose If off, the wires somewhereusually Thats own cleaning while the Congratulations!
WARNING: ELECTRIC SHOCK COULD OCCUR IF USED ON WET SURFACES. GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS This grounded. If should malfunction or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding The outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING of the of shock. with or service as to whether the properly grounded. the with the the outlet This and ground that the North American building that the connected to outlet the as the should with this On/Off switch and operation. This household and IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS should followed, including the following: instructions this NOTE: U.L. and C.U.L. only. To reduce the of shock, DO NOT USE or
DANGER: from the outlet servicing and cleaning. WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to from heated allow to as toy. when this or this only its as the operating and of recommended the shock, or this or properly, or to service or service and or this cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. To from the the cord. with free of and that reduce and clothing from ashes, matches or without and/or To to the OFF then from cord, or with shock when cleaning to or such as or where they grounded to properly grounded outlet only. grounding instructions. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS