Thank purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners If about please service Were to Products, Inc. Printed WMT88779 AS3300 AS3400 Upright cleaner; household type
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service This instructions to the of To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. What the to to of instructions and to How to on/off and to clear to How to Clean to clean manually to or Thermal cut-off and warranty information and Customer Service HELPLINE Follow information wherever this
should including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting Clean than recommended. to this SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING
OWNERS GUIDE back Customer Service HELPLINE What the Hose and
to back and of hose hose top to Customer Service HELPLINE back and and clockwise to of hose and back of
to of Airpath Height NOTE: instructions, (DCF25) Customer Service HELPLINE Carry on/off cover Cord release switch (EF7) (W) Cord Hose Hose Cord Nested Clean
Customer Service HELPLINE instructions Empty each Press to release instructions, empty. clicks. to (DCF25) Clean monthly to cover. and off and thoroughly. with back of and cover. Warning: and properly cover to (EF7) months cover counter-clockwise and off. and cover. Turn to and back cover Clean monthly Scan instructions.
to Press to cord. To to FLOORS Turn to height and to High on/off to or off switch to to off release to Empty every and To to release Customer Service HELPLINE to
C using upright and off upright Turn to TOOLS to off from and of of or directly of hose to and To reach, to of baseboards, corners, and tight and to of hose or turned off and when connecting Customer Service HELPLINE to
C turned off and If cleaning back and To to release If of hose Turn to TOOLS. to If clogged, hose counter- clockwise to hose from hose to Customer Service HELPLINE to clear
Turn back screw. to Clean and or Press Clean seconds once. C than seconds each than or thread, clean manually: Turn off and cord. release to Turn to heavy threads or Customer Service HELPLINE to of cover and off cover. to Clear from to threads or cover back Tighten screw.
to or screws from cover. off cover rear from and the white assembly screws. back Customer Service HELPLINE screwdriver to white to release the screws. assembly and straight around of first. around right of and right base. Scan instructions. and screws.
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the the service securely another or or suction the of turn. Cord and to completely. turn. to height to higher cleaning. Turn with the Clean seconds. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and C Thermal cut-off switch to "thermal cut-off" instructions Turn to FLOORS. Empty and/or Clean or to suction. height and Clean to off to 'TOOLS.' other clogs from the hose that the or of to TOOLS.
warrants this to free from and workmanship of three years household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty three years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. refurbished or products warranty. This warranty cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4
Customer Service HELPLINE