Thank purchasing instructions easy assembly, please to this owners If about please service Were to to (CST), to (CST), Promotional off and when Promotion (CST), (CST), incluye Service Nous (CST), (CST), promotion Products, Inc. Printed AS5200 Upright cleaner; household type.
Where to information this information the type and of purchase and type these the of the cleaner. to these when and or service to assembly and This instructions to the of cleaner. To and the Product the top right corner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of information and to and and to to clear and warranty information Thermal cut-off and Spanish owners French owners and Customer Service HELPLINE Table of Follow information wherever this
basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or as this recommended attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while using attachments. that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting and To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the Not the or the The bearings permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING ENGLISH
READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. the How to of Stair and release Cover assembly height cover Cord switch release Customer Service HELPLINE cover HEPA HF16 Hose with information Clean as to suction HEPA HF16 to assembly from and to release from and THOROUGHLY; reassemble. without Empty each Press to release empty. within months to cover. from and THOROUGHLY. cover it clicks. BELT worn, or of clicks. HEPA cover and off. HEPA and cover.Turn to lock. BRUSH ROLL Clean monthly
upright to to highest to when turned and upright while using To or when using hose Turn to TOOLS Hose with to release hose Press switch to (I) to of hose as Press to hose baseboards, corners and of and of Stair and upholstery (With or purchase) and below the Customer Service HELPLINE to C C ENGLISH
to turned off and to clear Hose to release hose hose and to hose from Flexing the hose and cover off to clear from hose and assembly path cover To with notches and to top Clean Turn to and threads from Customer Service HELPLINE C
to turned off and become with and threads from periodically. worn, or of touching the when or How to or release to screws from cover. off cover. and Thread around and of first. fits base. right of to stretch and right to cover screws warrants this to from and workmanship of years household Warranty only to the purchaser and of household. This warranty years from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. This warranty cover of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase warranty service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: Customer Service HELPLINE The warranty USA: North America Service P.O. IL warranty service community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights.You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off as follows: the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the the service clean suction the of Stair and upholstery turn. to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and C Thermal cut-off switch switch to Thermal cut-off and Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. assembly clogs from the hose that the Clear from assembly. turned to FLOOR' worn, or of height Turn height to another and Empty and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the and to and properly. assembly clogs from the hose that the Clear from assembly. turned to HOSE' and height Turn height to another worn, or of or of