PLEASE RETAIN the type and below. They located the rating plate cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Products Printed U.S.A. IMPORTANT this to the to CST and to or www.sanitairevac.com of the following: SP5816 assembly of or items to and to the Warranty Station www.sanitairevac.com INDEX Information Reference to Warranty Household
should followed, including the following: To reduce the of shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or only as this attachments. with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, telephone free the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA: IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING or with with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while attachments. anything that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without or become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. If write to Products North America, Service P.O. IL USA. write to Products N3H 2N7. to The Warranty service information. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and lubricated. Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the then to Authorized Service
QUICK REFERENCE WARNING: injury. clothing, Cord To ON/OFF Switch International On, International Compartment to to the and Latch. and to the to Stair To when cleaning Headlight. Release release to back to operating Height that or lowers the to match the type of and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Hose hose to hose Cord around them to The rotates release. Nested The the Carrying this to from to another. Dusting/Upholstery the back of cleaner. NOTE: WHEN UNIT IS RUNNING, DO NOT off from the then from Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this owners Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to ATTEMPT TO REMOVE ANY OBJECT WHICH PREVENTS THE BRUSH ROLL FROM TURNING.
HOW TO ASSEMBLE CAUTION: the Moving on/off switch off (O) NOTE: the CAUTION: catch From of cleaner, with and cleaner. If necessary, and to with the inch screws the assembly head screwdriver. NOTE: with screwdriver to both screws seated. Hose hose and hose the of the hose the hose to Hose Hose Hose Hose and Cord Cord You the the the the This the of the the Next the around the the back of cleaner. the to the to the to the to the to the to Nested Wands Cord Cord
HOW TO USE Release release to back to operating To completely to the release Height that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating and back to from front WARNING: injury. clothing, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch and the the height Information: cleaning that might the or the Clean NOTE: While To hose from of and accessory of hose or Dusting/Upholstery Dusting/Upholstery Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Nested Wands to reach. both Turn to together. or as the with the Hose or Hose or
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE The instructions this as to To service the and NOTE: or cleaners, or the or NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the or the without the assembly Removing the LS): cover and cover and from cleaner. and from cleaner. New PLACE BAG FLANGE BEND FLAPS FORWARD ON TOP OF SHELF PUSH BAG INTO HOUSING GENUINE EUREKA the the of the outer of cover with of cleaner. cover POSITION BAG BOTTOM BEHIND RIBS of cover
ROUTINE MAINTENANCE the each the Clean or as To Clean and the of the to If necessary, the cleaned with another or with completely and GENUINE EUREKA Cartridge with this the HEPA each year or as To HEPA and from cleaner. HEPA and To HEPA of cleaner, to latch. HEPA both of cleaner. and NOTE: To the of sealed HEPA of the HEPA GENUINE EUREKA HEPA HF5, 61830A. HEPA Cartridge How To Clean from cleaner. To or off. You the using cleaner, further cleaning, completely follow the to NOTE: dishwasher. NOTE: to to GENUINE EUREKA PERIODIC MAINTENANCE To Light with headlight) NOTE: Turn off the switch and the screw from cover. cover from cleaner. light of light light cover. with screw. GENUINE EUREKA light cleaning cleaning performance. the light
PERIODIC MAINTENANCE (Continued) The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To NOTE: Turn off the switch and the become To injury, touching the when the to to three screws indicated screwdrivers to NOTE: The height to the lowest or highest to or the of and around around pulley. with base. securely right IMPORTANT rotations rotations rotations to properly to properly back cleaner. front three screws. Tighten screws. GENUINE EUREKA U, 54312B.
To Clear Hose NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing hose the back of the cleaner. from back of easy to hose Press hose together and hose from cleaner. The hose off hose easy to necessary. and If found, to If found, clear and to Nested Wands Hose hose the back of the cleaner. hose from of and the hose and Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear and to from and the the hose clear. the found and cleared, the the cleaner. hose back the the hose the back of the cleaner, with the and the both Hose Hose
NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM SOLUTION securely another Thermal the Clean or the If or the or dirty, to reduce suction when the through the the properly seated the hose back of cleaner. hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. suction the hose of Clean or If the or dirty, to reduce suction when the through the clogs from the hose that the hose and Headlight light from and clean or items from the or of to operating the back to the front off Then the to higher or of height operating the turn. back to the front off Then the properly properly. or cover cleaner. the the shelf. off. from the height the lowest or highest three screws from the top of the or to (CST), through and to the and when THE SANITAIRE LIMITED WARRANTY hat This Warranty hat This Warranty warranted to from and cleaner warranted to from and workmanship household of years. The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following hat This Warranty This Warranty Not of the that such as light and or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than hat Products North America hat Products North America Products North America its option, or Products North America its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty Products North America the purchase Warranty Upright (Only) Warranty Upright (Only) The of the Upright warranted years from the The of the Upright warranted years from the of purchase. Warranty SYSTEM_PRO Canisters Warranty SYSTEM_PRO Canisters The SYSTEM_PRO cleaners warranted years from the The SYSTEM_PRO cleaners warranted years from the of purchase. arranty arranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. You the location the CleanersService and that the Warranty Station tho the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information, telephone free: If write to Products North Service P.O. IL, USA. write to Products North N3H 2N7. If to the community to warranty the to the tho Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please the type, and from the the cleaner. urther and warranty that with purchase or of the warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the or with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which about Products Q: should and cleaner? A: Products, which to exacting cations and with quality, performance, and tion, the and cleaning of this money and to clean. Q: using products cleaner? A: Typically, products and or further tion toll-free the tion of Authorized Warranty Station. Q: there to or and and A: there quality, and reliability. purchased and while thinking they purchased Unfortunately, of these the they related ELECTROLUX HOME CARE PRODUCTS NORTH AMERICA Household Warranty USA: GEN INE EUREKA PRODUCT