ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS the House with and Wall Carry and from the and the Unroll and the top clean and the If the corner. This to with people. Wall both the the They should to the The top should through the of each attached to the corners and to the the and the C and and C the the top to and the the At the of each the (attached to the the of each the other the height and freestanding. With the first the the and then the the shock and to and that each section seated the allow the sections to together as this the You the top when the o the the through the the corners while applying to smooth the There the below the to these and the The the together when and the and off of the when the to smooth. the ground the and the Ready! E! To E! Once to the switch that ON and the ON Accessories: E! Fan/Light, E! Reading Light and E! Cord. Down: from and off of the from the top. and the then and This straight that high winds. Should high follow the instructions the back of this Reflective pre-attached. the off of the the other instructions the REV.
or shock The of the with to the or shock, or or these reasons, when using the DO NOT allow or to with or the DO NOT or DO cords that OUTDOOR USE. DO only to GFCI protected outlet with ground. If GFCI outlet with GFCI protection built DO the of the that the than the that follow the the DO follow instructions, and from the of the cord. To reduce of to or cord, the rather than the when disconnecting the E! from cord. to follow these death, serious or to or others. It recommended to to of emergency. SAFETY INFORMATION: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions. This and operating instructions to the and of the E! DC and E! with to the other than originally Johnson Gear LLC the warranty and the or injury.Use of recommended or Johnson Gear LLC of shock, to or property damage.The E! children DO NOT the outlet the E! or the the DO NOT the E! or the to or DO NOT with AC to the E! or the outlets. DO NOT the E! to the or the though DO NOT the E! to 104F/40C. the E! 70F/21 C. DO NOT the the E! to to recharge battery. DO NOT the E! Incorrect reassembly of shock or E! service, KEEP ALL FLAME AND HEAT SOURCES AWAY FROM THIS TENT FABRIC. This the of CPAI-84. The with The of to the the ineffective. DO NOT which burns Combustion and of which to serious or death. to follow these death, serious or to or others. SEAM SEALING: of such as Seam or SeamGrip Work the or the seams allow and of the which seams to sealed. Seams that to or ground seams or treatment. There to the seams the or the factory seams. both and seams and Apply to the and of seams. Several thin layers than thick and follow instructions. STAKING: to to them from blowing heavy Once the erected, the This to the to that the properly and that the seams with the the of the each or that corners It that the too tightly. You know too tight, the easily operated. through the or with the the that the J catches of or through the to as With the properly the the its and to the the as this the to tear. The to the Sand. broad with of or Their and which might anchors. the to (branches, or with or to shoes, or which the GUY LINES: to high wind. correctly, the of weather. that each and the of the securely wrapped around the the from the to each from the of the The from the ground to the high wind, should used. On the and secondary off of each On the each location. high wind, secondary each the and the The Screenhouse reflective each corner. CONDENSATION VENTING: Through and breathing, off about of overnight. If the to found the of this rather than from the often where the touches the of the the or such as the allows the to through the to the the of the to and further reduce becomes or when the effective. The that short-sheeted and High/Low These to each ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT: light to caused to sunlight. While UV synthetic to UV UV and to become and tear easily. that the clear It acts as to the both and to UV erecting with to sunlight. GENERAL POLE CARE: together as this the or their and bounce its to the These actions the shock and the The slightly and through this normally the performance of the GENERAL TENT CARE: the to from stones. to wear ground cloth whenever food through search of food. STORAGE: the completely then cool To from collecting the cover with cloth. This allows the to breathe. Ideally, the should their assembled This reduces the the shock cord, its life. The should only as and COLOR TRANSFER: to the of from to lighter when the when or to the of and high heat. This the performance. To completely to and CLEANING: Clean the and with and thoroughly and completely. or they the protective coating and seams. cleaning, the completely the heavier, such as the seams, or to Clean the with cloth and them with This to the or gritty. Clean the with and then them off. This location with If the the wear and eventually the become inoperable. ALTERATIONS OR MODIFICATIONS: DO NOT or this from its the of or of this to the accompanying written instructions the warranty. or of the Johnson Gear LLC of property or as of such or LIMITED WARRANTY: What Covered: Johnson Gear LLC warrants to the purchaser that its products free from and workmanship, the of the as below. The of the from the of purchase such as the serviceable to wear and tear. What Not Covered: Johnson Gear LLC the of that inevitably with (UV) light or caused or THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES BEYOND THE TERMS OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL JOHNSON OUTDOORS GEAR LLC BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or the or apply to What Johnson Gear LLC If inspection that to or or the option, without charge. to Warranty Service: the freight to the from whom it purchased; or, Customer Satisfaction authorization: Collect shipments or shipments without authorization accepted. The with the warranty to effective and to warranty service. Repairs: If Johnson Gear LLC service or to wear and tear, or other reason that covered the warranty the service reasonable charge, and that products properly cleaned to recommended instructions. Please or that with of what service and repairs, please Customer Satisfaction free How State Relates To This Warranty: This warranty rights, and other rights that from to Johnson Gear LLC REV. C FEB.09