Assembly Instructions the Carry Fly Fly Cords Gear Loft NOTE: Although to pitch this with or its bounce its to the These actions the shockcord and/or the The pre-wired with three 12V to them their and the and wires assembly. Unroll and the the ground. the of the and to the pitching the the (however, that the wind). C of the shockcorded the sections from together, as this the each properly seated the assembled through both from to the through the from C to the There the this with the top as through the REV At A, the the of the At B, the hand, the the other. the and the the of the this with the from C to the as the and the to the to the location. the through the the corners while applying to smooth the Also, the beneath each of the the to the the with the ground the front of the the the to the The from to the of the X. the to the the around the and the to the Turn the assembly and that the the the of the of the and them and the to completely cover the (This with At the corners of the reach the and the to the the At the bottom/corners of the the shockcorded to the the to each of the attached to the and with the E! To E! Once connected to the switch that ON and the ON E! and through that to the cord. the cover twisted or tucked. The cover the of the to Accessories: E! Fan/Light, E! Reading Light and E! Cord. the of the sewn-in this to the and to Down: Release the from and off of the and the then the and both the and the instructions the YOUR TENT IS READY
or shock The of the with to the or shock, or or these reasons, when the DO NOT allow or to with or the DO NOT or DO only that OUTDOOR USE. DO to GFCI protected with ground. If GFCI outlet with GFCI protection built DO the of the that the than the that follow the the DO follow instructions, and from the of the cord. To reduce of to or cord, the rather than the when the E! from cord. to follow these death, serious or to or others. It recommended to to of emergency. SAFETY INFORMATION: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions. This and operating instructions to the and of the E! DC and E! with to the other than originally Johnson Gear LLC the warranty and the or injury.Use of recommended or Johnson Gear LLC of shock, to or property damage.The E! DO NOT the outlet the E! or the outlets the DO NOT the E! or outlets the to or DO NOT with AC to the E! or the DO NOT the E! to the or the though DO NOT the E! to 104F/40C. the E! 70F/21 C. DO NOT the the E! to to recharge battery. DO NOT the E! Incorrect reassembly of shock or E! service, KEEP ALL FLAME AND HEAT SOURCES AWAY FROM THIS TENT FABRIC. This the of CPAI-84. The burn with The of to the the ineffective. DO NOT which burns Combustion and of which to serious or death. to follow these death, serious or to or others. SEAM SEALING: of such as Seam or SeamGrip Work the or the seams allow and of the which seams to sealed. Seams that to or ground seams or treatment. There to the seams the or the factory seams. both and seams and Apply to the and of seams. Several thin layers than thick and follow instructions. STAKING: to to them from blowing heavy Once the erected, the This to the to that the properly and that the seams with the the of the each or that corners It that the too tightly. You know too tight, the easily operated. through the or with the the that the J catches of or through the to as With the properly the the its and to the the as this the to tear. The to the Sand. broad with of or Their and which might anchors. the to (branches, or with or to shoes, or which the GUY LINES: to high wind. correctly, the of weather. that each and the of the securely wrapped around the the from the to each from the of the The from the ground to the high wind, should used. On the and secondary off of each On the each location. high wind, secondary each the and the The Screenhouse reflective each corner. CONDENSATION VENTING: Through and breathing, off about of overnight. If the to found the of this rather than from the often where the touches the of the the or coated such as the allows the to through the to the the of the to and further reduce becomes or when the effective. The that short-sheeted and High/Low These to each ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT: light to caused to sunlight. While UV synthetic to UV UV and to become and tear easily. that the clear It acts as to the both and to UV erecting with to sunlight. GENERAL POLE CARE: together as this the or their and bounce its to the These actions the shock and the The slightly and through this normally the performance of the GENERAL TENT CARE: the to from stones. to wear ground cloth whenever food through search of food. STORAGE: the completely then cool To from collecting the cover with cloth. This allows the to breathe. Ideally, the should their assembled This reduces the the shock cord, its life. The should only as and COLOR TRANSFER: to the of from to lighter when the when or to the of and high heat. This the performance. To completely to and CLEANING: Clean the and with and thoroughly and completely. or they the protective coating and seams. cleaning, the completely the double-stitched such as the seams, or to Clean the with cloth and them with This to the or gritty. Clean the with and then them off. This location with If the the wear and eventually the become inoperable. ALTERATIONS OR MODIFICATIONS: DO NOT or this from its the of or of this to the accompanying written instructions the warranty. or of the Johnson Gear LLC of property or as of such or LIMITED WARRANTY: What Covered: Johnson Gear LLC warrants to the purchaser that its products from and workmanship, the of the as below. The of the from the of purchase such as the serviceable to wear and tear. What Not Covered: Johnson Gear LLC the of that inevitably with (UV) light or caused or THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES BEYOND THE TERMS OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL JOHNSON OUTDOORS GEAR LLC BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or the or apply to What Johnson Gear LLC If inspection that to or or the option, without charge. to Warranty Service: the freight to the from whom purchased; or, Customer Satisfaction authorization: free Collect shipments or shipments without authorization accepted. The with the warranty to effective and to warranty service. Repairs: If Johnson Gear LLC service or to wear and tear, or other reason that covered the warranty the service reasonable charge, and that products properly cleaned to recommended instructions. Please or that with of what service and repairs, please Customer Satisfaction State Relates To This Warranty: This warranty rights, and other rights that from to Johnson Gear LLC REV. C FEB.09