Information Assembly to to Headlight to Clear Troubleshooting Warranty 73286A IMPORTANT this to the assembly or Customer Service free to (CST), and to and Please the type and below. They located the rating cleaner. and service information, to these when about service. It to as of of purchase. Upright VACUUM CLEANER Household OWNERS GUIDE SERIES Products Inc. Printed
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS using should followed, including the following: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. necessary when or as this with or If as should, or to service or cord, as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the the GENERAL INFORMATION the to and or that the cleaner. Service Information The instructions this as to service information, the Authorized Warranty Station. You should know the type and or when USA: If write to The Company, Service North USA. READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING with free of and that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without become To burns, touching the when servicing the when cleaning to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. DO NOT OIL the or the The and permanently sealed and Thermal This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the on/off switch off and the cleaner. the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the cleaner. the the back and the on/off switch If the then to Authorized Service
Assembly To CAUTION: the CAUTION: ON/OFF switch the OFF and from to the the the top of the as shown. the screws (supplied)into the the top of the and with screwdriver. and Wand. Cord. Screws located the the the of the cover the of the and and the the hose the back of the and the hose as shown. the of the hose the hose the of the
To (continued) the to the and This the of the the the around the the back of the to the to the the of the front of the the To WARNING: injury. clothing, ON/OFF Switch. International On, International Height that or lowers the to match the type of With the the to lowest cleaning. If the to to highest to The reach the effective cleaning. ease the operating Information: to cleaner. If the sound of the or performance, or to or the height hose or or or These easy to and the instructions included this owners Becoming with the information this to the performance from years to hair,fingers, and other of from (such as the Turn off the switch the the height Release. release to back to operating To completely to the release Information: cleaning first that might the or the
To NOTE: While or as the with the To hose from hose of and accessory of hose or Dusting/Upholstery shades, shelves, cushions and cleans corners, baseboards, and cushions. Nested to reach. both near Turn to together. The instructions this as to To service the and Upholstery Routine NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly NOTE: or cleaners, or the and the J): and cover. from cleaner. the each the Clean or as to If necessary, the cleaned with another cleaner.
Routine New of back and NOTE: Turn off the switch and the the without the or assembly The as and the and threads from the brushing the To the cleaning, the the To the length, the of the cleaner. If the the the The the to and the the to the stretches, cracks or or threads wound around the or the the the to unevenly. To to to cover NOTE: cover closed the properly. the screws from the top of the to of and around around pulley. with base. securely right of to stretch right base. IMPORTANT rotations to properly back cleaner. and screws. to upright
(continued) to Light to to lightbulb. cover. the screws from the cover. light of lightbulb cover. with screws. NOTE: rated 12V., 10W., only. to upright
To Clear Hose NOTE: Turn off the switch and the clearing the of the hose from the hose the of the the hose and hose Flexing the hose If found, to If found, clear the and the hose the hose If the the hose and cleared, to Hose Hose the from the and the the hose clear. If found, to the found and cleared, the the cleaner. the hose from the coupling the back of cleaner. and If found, clear the The screws attaching the clear hose to Screw the hose back the back of the and the other of the hose the hose the of
PROBLEM SOLVING NOTE: Turn off the switch and the servicing. PROBLEM CAUSE SOLUTION securely another Thermal clean the or suction the of Hose Headlight Light light from the to Height Cleaner height operating the back to the front off Then the to (CST), and to (CST) and the and when Hose Hose Clean or the If the to reduce suction when the through the the with the properly seated the hose back of cleaner. from the hose that restricts the to that the of the hose the hose the of the hose and or of Clean and thread from and worn. hose Clean or the If the to reduce suction when the through the clogs from the hose that restricts the hose and and or items from the or of operating the back to the front off Then the to higher or of
What This Warranty warranted to from and workmanship household of The warranty to the purchaser and of his or household. The warranty to the following What This Warranty Not of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused or with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying cleaner. Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. the location of the Authorized Warranty Station or service information or telephone free: USA: If write to Products North P.O. USA. write to Products Terry L5V 3E4. If to the community to warranty the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. charges the Warranty Station. please include the type, and from the the cleaner. Further and warranty that with purchase or of the cleaner, including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the tion of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or tion with purchase or of the cleaner. allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which THE EUREKA LIMITED WARRANTY