Assembly Instructions SQ XT Fly, Assembly, with Splint NOTE: or its bounce its to the These actions the shock and/or the Unroll and the and the ground. front the wind. the sections the ground: each to its or The sections shockcorded. It to that each section seated the Improperly the to the A the that the to the and the EUREKA! Splint the the There to each of the and around the the the the and the the EUREKA!. to the and both the and the Push/curve the the fits securely the the to the There of to the the first, the shockcords the stand-offs the the The fits the top, and to the There to the top of the the these It the first and then to the other Then, and the attaching the as A the The freestanding. to location. the yellow to through the corners while applying to smooth the and the the to the the the top of the the and the and and the The the yellow the to the the the to the Reach the the the the and the of the the other the to the of the the and the the of the the top and to seat. other of the At each corner, the from the to their the the to as the the to through the the At each of the to the and these also. the to the the and the the from the of the the and the the and the the with the of and the Optional and to with Footprint. Its of the as the with and release The Footprint, with the and lightweight, basic This option reduces the than ready! REV.
WARNING: KEEP ALL FLAME AND HEAT SOURCES AWAY FROM THIS TENT FABRIC. This the of CPAI-84. The with The of to the the ineffective. NOT which burns Combustion and of which to serious or death. SEAM SEALING: of such as Seam or Work the or the seams allow and of the which seams to sealed. seams that to or ground while seams or treatment. There to the seams the or the factory seams. both and seams and Apply to the and of seams. Several thin layers than thick and follow instructions. STAKING: to to them from blowing the heavy Once the erected, the This to the to that the properly and that the seams with the the of the each or that corners It that the too tightly. You too tight, the easily operated. through the or with the the that the J catches of or through the to as With the properly the the its and to the the as this the to tear. The to the Sand. broad with of or Their and which might anchors. to (branches, or with or to shoes, or which the GUY LINES: to high winds. built-in or locations. Its to the Correctly it weather. that the top securely attached to the and or and to the of the this to the and them the ground three or four from the of the If too to the that the If or to of the the framework the This the to the section of the while the and It to cords from the of the This the anchor. The together through below: CONDENSATION VENTING: Through and breathing, off about of overnight. If it the to found the of this rather than from the often where the touches the of the the or such as the allows the to through the to the the of the the partially to and further reduce becomes or when the effective. The that short-sheeted and High/Low These to each the of High/Low of This allows cooler through the and and through the high High/Low accomplished within the and It to the Unvented, the from the to of and bellowing of with High/Low This allows increased the from the the to cool allowing the warmer through the high and the from the high used. Fly or ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT: light to caused to sunlight. While UV synthetic to UV UV and to become and tear easily. that the clear It acts as to the both and to UV erecting with to sunlight. GENERAL POLE CARE: together as this the or their and bounce its to the These actions the shock and the The slightly and through this normally the performance of the GENERAL TENT CARE: the to from stones. to wear ground cloth whenever food through search of food. STORAGE: the completely then cool To from collecting the cover with cloth. This allows the to breathe. Ideally, the should their assembled This reduces the the shock cord, its life. The should as and COLOR TRANSFER: to the of from to when the when or to the of and high heat. This the performance. To completely to and CLEANING: Clean the and with and thoroughly and completely. or they the protective coating and seams. cleaning, the completely the such as the seams, or to Clean the with cloth and them with This to the or gritty. Clean the with and then them off. This location with If the the wear and eventually the teeth become ALTERATIONS OR MODIFICATIONS: DO NOT or this from its the of or of this to the accompanying written instructions the warranty. or of the Johnson Gear LLC of property or as of such or LIMITED WARRANTY: What Covered: Johnson Gear LLC warrants to the purchaser that its products free from and workmanship, the of the as below. The of the from the of purchase such as the serviceable to wear and tear. What Not Covered: Johnson Gear LLC the of that inevitably with (UV) light exhausted or caused or THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES BEYOND THE TERMS OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL JOHNSON OUTDOORS GEAR LLC BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. allow the or of or the or apply to What Johnson Gear LLC If inspection that to or or the option, without charge. to Warranty Service: the freight to the from whom purchased; or, Customer Satisfaction authorization: free Collect shipments or shipments without authorization accepted. The with the warranty to effective and to warranty service. Repairs: If Johnson Gear LLC service or to wear and tear, or other reason that covered the warranty the necessary service reasonable charge, and that products properly cleaned to recommended instructions. Please or that with of what service and repairs, please Customer Satisfaction State Relates To This Warranty: This warranty rights, and other rights that from to building back years! houses, and and the United States and the industry From baseplate and to and and of the family of products. the the Trace" PLAN AHEAD AND PREPARE TRAVEL CAMP ON DURABLE SURFACES DISPOSE OF WASTE PROPERLY LEAVE WHAT YOU FIND MINIMIZE CAMPFIRE IMPACTS RESPECT WILDLIFE BE COURTEOUS OF OTHER VISITORS JOHNSON OUTDOORS GEAR LLC REV E. FEB