PN81157 English AM Upright Household type Products, Inc. Printed PN81157 o o o o o o o o o o o Servico service HELPLINE LNEADEAYUDA LIGNE DAIDE o o Returning, Customer Service to (CST), to (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST), (CST),
PN81157 English AM Where to Information this information the type and of purchase and type these the back of the cleaner. to these when and or service You to assembly and use.This instructions to the of cleaner. Inspection and inspect Each tested and thoroughly inspected instructions Customer Service HELPLINE immediately. to of Information and to Accessories and to or EXT-U and light to Clear Hose Warranty Information Thermal Cut-Off and Spanish and Customer Service HELPLINE Follow information wherever this Table of
PN81157 English AM using basic should followed, including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or only as this only recommended attachments. with or If as should, or it to service or cord. as or around or corners. cord. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off cord. To the the cord. or with with of and anything that reduce This suction and clothing, and of from and or as the when cleaning with the while that burning or such as matches, or ashes. without and become To burns, touching the when servicing the to or such as or where they cool, lighted. them. connecting SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of shock this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the Not the or the The permanently and sealed. Customer Service HELPLINE IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING ENGLISH
PN81157 English AM to of Stair carrying Headlight cover READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THIS VACUUM CLEANER. the the without and EXT-U Customer Service HELPLINE Hose Nested switch release Information information located back of PL with DISPOSABLE DUST BAG PL regularly; as and cover; clockwise to lock. PRE-MOTOR FILTER or monthly off and BRUSH ROLL Clean Monthly EXT-U BELT worn, or of Hose Carrying Hose Hose cover counter- clockwise and off. and Position and off and thoroughly.
PN81157 English AM upright to that off the hose using Combination and baseboards, corners and cushions. hose from base. and Turn to and of bookshelves, and hose from hose back of of or tool. (with or purchase) Stair Hose purchase) and below the If to of to the of or off from The of Products, Inc. Customer Service HELPLINE How to ENGLISH
PN81157 English AM become with and threads from EXT-U worn, or of touching the when or to or release to screws from the front of cover and cover and Thread around and right of right of to stretch right with and to cover and screws to white This turning Light turned off and screws from cover cover and with rated cover. cover and screws. Customer Service HELPLINE How to Cleaner turned off and
PN81157 English AM to Clear turned off and of hose and hose to hose to If clogged, screws and hose from back hose both To screws and cover. to clear Clear from cover and screws. warrants this to free from and workmanship of household Warranty to the purchaser and of household. This warranty from the of purchase when the the with operating instructions. o o o o C C o o of the that such as light and cleaning. or malfunctions caused and with the Defects or caused unauthorized service or the of other than ARM HAMMER TM and TM 3M What its option, or or that covered this warranty. of warranty the purchase Warranty Please and the warranty accompanying Warranty Service To warranty service the or with of purchase to Authorized Warranty Station. Customer Service HELPLINE The Warranty Authorized Warranty Station or Service Information, write or telephone free: USA: North America Service P.O. IL Warranty Service Community You the charges to the Authorized Warranty Station. Charges the Warranty Station. please include the type and located the rating plate the of the Further and warranty that with purchase or of the including warranty of Merchantability or warranty to the of this warranty. allow warranty the apply to the breach of this warranty to the the or with purchase or of the allow the or of or the or apply to This warranty rights. You other rights, which The ARM HAMMER of Church and Dwight Inc. 3M and of 3M Company, Products, Inc. North America Service Terry L5V 3E4 ENGLISH
PN81157 English AM Thermal Cut-Off This thermostat that protects the of overheating. If the off, the switch to off and the the of overheating such as hose or If these found, them and least to the the the back and the switch. If the to authorized service or securely another suction the of to turn. Customer Service HELPLINE turned off and switch switch to turn Thermal cut-off and and/or If the to reduce suction when through the to and properly. worn, or of Hose clogs from the hose that the hose base. and Hose worn, or of clean and/or If the to reduce suction when flow through the to and properly. (Located the to flow. clogs from the hose that the hose base. or of