STEAM CLEANER OWNERS MANUAL 120V., EP908H EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY
Steam warranted to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP908H Should covered the terms of the warranty within year, EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, of purchase and and charges included.* The of this warranty to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States/Provinces the or of or the apply to EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. US: item to to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without This warranty rights which from to or to the this acknowledge Please and within of purchase. The to to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions PURCHASER: ADDRESS: RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD CITY: STATE. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL:... NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: EP908H Printed
or with the cord. To cool, the from the when the cord, as the or when and servicing or when or or other chemicals to turn off as Not the or its only as this NOT cleaning To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or outlets with when the the this as this or other the cord, or around the allow to as toy. or corners. from or carrying capacity. recommended from or without shoes. with the the cord. or or heated cleaner. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS CARE MAINTENANCE using Steam Cleaner should including the following: or or the or other the other than the of the with to EURO-PRO LLC Incorrect re-assembly or household Follow instructions of shock or to chemicals the This allow or the while when the connected to outlet or when To of shock, when as there The and from of the allow to outlet when with or emptying from touching the its shock, or to of chemicals of the or instructions using or chemicals or To the of the cool completely the and when turn the warranty) examination and instead, and to the cleaner. the around when to from or and/or This the of when the used. or other to burns. cleaner. this warranty. to the of free from This free from the Normally, of recommended every to the with of and the vigorously. the and If consistently or cleaning the unnecessary. the cleaner: If the high the Allow to cool. the from the of and using to cleaning, should cleaner: to the with the of the amount of or the necessary to the fact that ready to from the the overnight or and and screw the of hours. the while while the the with the To the shoulder to the using the Steam II with the shoulder or when both allows freedom of cleaner, the shoulder the connecting the the as this the shoulder with the to the hose and cleaning Attaching the Shoulder Strap the when and the the the the 09/04A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
ALWAYS FINISH CLEANING BY WIPING DOWN THE CLEANED SURFACE WITH TOWEL of what achieved with the to the and towel or ready to white that mentioned. This the which to The It helpful to terry cloth of and USAGE SUGGESTIONS FOR STEAM CLEANER ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS to leather the with upholstery and as the the with the and following with with terry cloth attached to the You should the and the cleaned applying the To the the terry cloth towel attached. towel. If absolutely necessary, rated of should used. Cords rated To another the overheat. should to that pulled or when the connected to as the supply/electrical tripped the of to the cleaning You the with and as or and the to off cleaner. To clean the the of dishwasher. To clean the the with towel. To the the without to off the and SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY the should to the to outlet This If type This only WARNING: This with grounded- the to the of the grounding of the cracks, and to reach the cleaned with immediately and trays. the to around the cleaning the the areas. the to the and To microwaves or other the and The or crack the as chemicals cleaned with the to around often Can and other easily with the The without leaving the ordinary cleaning from the from steamers from as as and becomes light yellow the touched terry cloth the the and flows the towel. You that the consistency of the immediately and high and Clothing or of To or and hand Once hose CAUTION: from hose resumed. or cleaning them from outlet cleaning. the areas. from the from the This of and easily and the terry cloth to the the to catch the as blown the off the accomplished the apply to Removing To counter tops the the without the terry cloth then follow with terry cloth attached. heavily areas, first to the with terry cloth attached to finish.
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR STEAM CLEANER USAGE SUGGESTIONS FOR STEAM CLEANER Work when cleaning of the the resin with the and Work with the the top to with the off to clear the from from the the the To this without leaving top to the of the and Mirrors the heat to the the to To the or shower clean the of the Allow of areas. The window/tile This helpful the shower the shower there or with tracks, to and heavily towel. the the allowing enough the to Work PVC the to with towel. Bathroom the or and grease the Follow cleaned. The the with terry cloth the to the the to and or to with polishing cleaned. On Light (Red) Ready Light Shoulder Strap Steam Hose Cord of and shower with the cleaner. with or without terry cloth or to and To clean the this the the with from If or first with or to the first to this or of heat and immediately the with amount of or back once with clean terry cloth towel. Technical Specifications To the and then with towel. The If this apply to the Moving too the with the and and to the US Water Capacity: Steam 120V.,
the the with the the with or without the with or clean towel. as to allowing the to the completely USAGE SUGGESTIONS FOR STEAM CLEANER FEATURES OF STEAM CLEANER Cleaning attached. the the the cleaning with the as the the the slowly, the the If allow to cool, then the to heat or or with clean towel. If the with terry cloth the and crush-resistant hose. chemicals. or of inconspicuous cleaning. If to required. NOT cleaning or other chemicals to the or it the this as this Upholstery them. back the with from the of chance to the with to the stripped, immediately To towel, Work the and with areas; corners or tight the Lightweight then the or back-and-forth and the attached directly to the with brushing than the with white terry to of then with towel. with cloth towel. fast, light that the to and appearance. allow heat to enough to its Work of To Clean quickly. This the to around the the Steam Cleaner: Bathrooms, and areas, and Non-corroding, of with or clean, and as the back as If or other of the the CAUTION: the off the towel, to the cleaned. the with the the with the the the the the and and the the to the with cloth ready as Clean the dirty, the and with and the attached to of that with towel.
Allow the the hose and This from the of the grounded) and The ready light when the ready the Steam to reach its OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS distilled/purified the other chemicals to the this the or the 120V. outlet and the Water IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning On Light (red): This light when the CAUTION: the instructions from ALLOW UNIT TO COOL FOR CAUTION: FIFTEEN MINUTES BEFORE or the REFILLING. On To with when light cleaning to the of Water cleaning This or to then Apply with the and with the IMPORTANT cleaning To the to reach to the hand or cracks. or with Attaching the Accessories to the Edge Steam Hose or Once hose resumed. of To or from hose and WARNING: the or NOTE: the of Steam With NOT cleaning or cool off touching burn. that the WARNING wrapped around the become enough to other chemicals to the distilled/purified the this or hard. IMPORTANT: released and allowed to and the the the as The specially to when the the of the the and and the it to the to of from the Turn the and the Not the the US of counter clockwise IMPORTANT: that the to this UNPLUGGED from the to or the provided. to follow these the cleaner, the to and that the NOT the Water of towel to allow to the around the while with towels. and the The of towel to the the when the with to released the and smear the white terry cloth towels. cloth and bleach. It cleaning the or with the the and to the of the then directly To the which the to the or to the the Then to the the first of might as become the while WARNING: Allow to cool and when the scalding. to as as back and clean tight and corners first. otherwise it and with from the top this with the to the already cleaned. to the forth while cleaning. Work
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS through thin towels. To and that the sufficiently Please that the other used. This that the cover the front and the back towel or this as to the and own towels, that white terry cloth top of to the that the through and the and as as of the Towel to the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS from to that and the the released. Steam With Water the other of the as shown the with the with its shorten the heat then turn the If the back of the hand. With the the with NOTE: with the to the the Heating attached to the the the and the If the turning counter clockwise. as become back and with using screw the hissing and the of the the Allow Allow the to cool the scalding. should when the to the there that released below the completely the when the back the turning the If the CAUTION: Allow to cool released, and the to cool with clockwise. scalding. the the cloth as shown or top of another to layers. white terry cloth towel: and the as shown tightly the around the the towel, around the the top of the towel. the and the housing the front the the and the housing. To clean the finished Cleaning the operation the locking fits the of the locking that to the the the the the and the To the To the other or sections Steam with the as shown