Steam with OWNERS MANUAL 120V., EP922H EURO-PRO LLC NY
Steam warranted to from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY using Steam with basic should including the following: EP922H or with the cord. To the from the when the cord, as the or when and servicing or when or or other chemicals to off as Not the or its as this NOT cleaning To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or with when the the this as this or other the cord, or around the allow to as toy. or corners. from ALWAYS STORE YOUR APPLIANCE or distilled/purified carrying capacity. recommended from or without with INDOORS cool, the the cord. or or heated cleaner. injury: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS or or the or other the other than the of the with to EURO-PRO LLC Incorrect re-assembly or household Follow instructions of shock or to chemicals the This allow or the while when the connected to or when To of shock, when as there The and from of the allow to when with or emptying from touching the its shock, or to of chemicals of the or instructions or chemicals or To the of the cool completely the and when the warranty) examination and instead, and to the cleaner. the around when to from or and/or This the of when the used. or other to burns. cleaner. this warranty. Should covered the terms of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight of purchase and and charges EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. included.* US: The of this warranty to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States/Provinces the or of or the apply to item to to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications contained to without This warranty rights which from to or to the discovered. this acknowledge Please and within of purchase. The to to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions PURCHASER: ADDRESS: RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD CITY: STATE. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL:... NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: EP922H Printed 02/04C SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
If absolutely necessary, rated of should used. Cords rated To another the overheat. should to that pulled or when the connected to as the cleaner. supply/electrical tripped ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM DOWN THE CLEANED SURFACE WITH ALWAYS FINISH CLEANING BY WIPING TOWEL It cloth towel or ready to The of what achieved helpful to terry of and that mentioned. white with the the This only to which to the and To the and then with towel. terry cloth or towel to and To clean the with or without Bathroom SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY type This of the grounding of the to the to the WARNING: This with grounded- If the should to the outlet This cleaner. To clean the of to to off and blow as or the the cleaning the You the with and the of dishwasher. applying the with the the to leather only attached. the with terry cloth attached the and the To the cleaned to clean upholstery and as the home. You should the with the terry cloth and following with towel. To the the To the with towel. or or of To and hand Once hose resumed. CAUTION: from hose or the and cleaned with the to the to the and around To clean microwaves or other The or crack the as chemicals Can and other easily with the cleaning the the to around the and trays. the cracks, the cleaned with immediately and to reach areas. cleaning from the from without leaving the The ordinary steamers the without attached to off the and and Clothing cleaning them from outlet cleaning. the areas. touched terry cloth the immediately and flows the towel. You from as as the yellow that the consistency of and becomes light and high the the cloth to the to catch the off the from the This accomplished from the of and easily using the the terry only the and blowing as blown the apply to Removing without the terry cloth first with terry cloth attached. heavily areas, the to the then follow with To clean counter tops the terry cloth attached to finish.
or to with the the to cleaned. The polishing Follow with terry cloth the or the and grease the the to cleaned. and TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM of the NOT cleaning the with the or other chemicals to the with or without the with or towel. the or the this as this as to allowing the to If to inconspicuous cleaning. shampoo only the completely required. Cleaning GETTING TO KNOW YOUR PORTABLE STEAM CLEANER from If this the the with first to this or or first with or to the immediately once with terry cloth the with amount of or back of heat and towel. with or or back- back or other of the the and-forth and to cloth towel. fast, light the to and as the as If off the towel, to the the attached directly to of then that the than then with towel. with the with white terry the with CAUTION: the of clean, and appearance. cleaned. of the the cleaning resin Work when with If this apply to the too the with the and The and to the To clean the bathtub or shower to the of the Allow shower there or areas. The window/tile This helpful the the the shower tracks, to and heavily of the heat to the with towel. Work PVC allowing enough the to the to with the the towel. Bathroom the top to from the top to the of the with the off to clear Work with the the from the To this without the and the and Mirrors Rear Castors Steam Ready Light On Light (Red) Shoulder Strap Steam Switch Hose Cord of and shower with the cleaner. US Water Capacity: Steam 120V., Technical Specifications
crush-resistant FEATURES OF PORTABLE STEAM CLEANER WITH CADDY TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM chemicals. or towel. If the or with the the the the cleaning with the towel the as the allow to then to heat or attached. the the the with terry cloth slowly, If the and with when light to the of cleaning Water Lightweight around the become enough to burn. that the off WARNING wrapped touching immediately the and To from the with chance with the with towel, Work to areas; corners or tight to them. back the the of the stripped, NOT cleaning or other chemicals to the distilled/purified the this or IMPORTANT: Bathrooms, and and areas, and Non-corroding, of enough to its allow heat to Work To Clean quickly. This the to towel around the the to the towel around the of to allow while with towels. and the The of to the the when the with to released the and smear the white terry cloth towels. cloth and bleach. Work cloth attached ready as Clean the the with the the and the and with the the with the the the with the and the to the and of that dirty, the attached to with towel. towel to as as back and tight and corners first. otherwise and with from the top this with the to the already cleaned. to the forth while cleaning.
the Allow to cool. the from the the and and overnight or screw the of hours. the while while the the with the To the Steam CARE MAINTENANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Normally, of from to free This recommended from the the Steam Cleaner If consistently or cleaning the unnecessary. and scalding. the and while the there that back the to WARNING: Allow to cool the the Not should the as become and when the when the scalding. distilled/purified the the 120V. This light other chemicals to the this CAUTION: the instructions or the Water or Steam IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning On Light (red): This light when the MINUTES BEFORE REFILLING. ALLOW UNIT TO and off with the ready light. CAUTION: COOL FOR FIFTEEN the or to the with the of or the amount of the necessary to the fact that ready to from the to the of the with of and the vigorously. the and If the high Steam Cleaner of and using to cleaning, should outlet Allow approximately the the grounded) and The ready light when the ready the Steam to reach its IMPORTANT: that the UNPLUGGED from the and allowed to to or the to this With Water NOTE: of the to outlet and the switch the to the ON to of that the and allowed to cool the cleaner, that the NOT the provided. WARNING: Allow to cool when the as become and scalding. switch the hand to the OFF outlet and the the from the the counter clockwise the and US the the of the to of the illustrated The when the of the the specially to the as
through thin towels. To and that the sufficiently Please that the other used. This that the towels, that or top of through and and as as this as to the and white terry cloth Attaching Towel to the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS that fits the the operation the other or the pressing the locking of the to the the and the sections the locking the To To Steam Cleaner with the with the of of the four the and hand. the the to the The casters the the and shipped To three casters. Assembling the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS allows greater freedom of the shoulder To the shoulder to the the when both cleaner, the shoulder the cleaning Attaching the Shoulder Strap cover the front and the back to the that the the of the Attaching the Steam Cleaner to the attached to the the the back with the the with its of the then the shorten the heat hand. With the the with the Heating approximately If the NOTE: with the to the the right to the of the the the the with the to below) that the locking Then the right with the rear the front locking the that it the below) of the locking to right. the of the right. or top of another to layers. the top of the towel. white terry cloth towel: the and the To the housing the front the the and the finished housing. Cleaning the the excessively as this shoulder or with the hose and IMPORTANT: the to the with the the as shown Rear
cleaning This or then Apply with the and with the To the to reach to the or with Attaching the to Edge the Steam Hose OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS that the sufficiently through thin towels. Please that to the that that towels, top of the the cover the front and the through and other used. This that the the and as as back of the this as to the and white terry cloth Towel to the to attaching WARNING: the UNPLUGGED from the or and to right hand and the the the To the to the Steam with to IMPORTANT cleaning or cracks. the other of the as shown the or with It cleaning the and to the of the then directly To the which the to the or to the the Then To the the top of the towel. as shown white terry cloth towel: the as shown locking and the the other and then the To The the to the directly to the or pressing the the To with the the sections the the cloth as shown the the cloth and the towel as shown tightly the around the the towel, around the the of the the the other and the cloth