Steamer Steam and Instructions EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when household If to properly while household within PRO LLC, Plattsburgh, NY If the LLC or of charge. of purchase and to cover the warranty the and freight to EURO- found EURO-PRO LLC to or workmanship, EURO-PRO the of and included. One YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP63CH The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD forth the accompanying instructions. State purchased of City Appliance EURO-PRO LLC, Plattsburgh, NY RETURN TO: EP63CH EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY
This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this If the the the If only recommended of or leather, polished or synthetic or other with cool cool or to the with off based from touching or when this or properly, or overheat. should to the that the pulled or To reduce the of with from or cords UL-rated or Cords rated or the service or to or cord, as cord, around thinner, moth or other or toxic basic should allow to cool completely with or flow. from outlet when with or when or To reduce the of shock, the or other including the following: instructions IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS to from instead and to EURO-PRO LLC, NY connected to when the its as this instruction Warning To reduce the of fire, shock, or IMPORTANT NOTICE there the heating only, other to the without the each holding from and operating allow to as toy. of the reach of or outlets. when the with or corners or or to heated EURO-PRO fire, shock or the to around when with EURO-PRO Steamer Steam and when clothing while wearing them. while connected. or without directing the flow to the with the treated. the amount of found the of cushions and people with The EURO-PRO Steam reduce Reducing the amount of reduce and seconds holding the outlet than inches from to them securely and as and To reduce the amount of with Additional Attaching Towel thoroughly completely of towel, then to the too or tight band. If when inches inches. tight. and attaching of to the Additional cleaning and and and CAUTION: Towel tightly wrapped or and scalding. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY EURO-PRO Customer Service EURO-PRO Steam the and
with screw and then screw The cleaning bathroom and other release, release of to together To B. Steam with and C. Steamer A. the Steam CAUTION or attaching that the Steam Cleaner disconnected from A. SQUEEGEE ATTACHMENT Acrylic, and tarnished. only: Varnished or leather bleached the of to the of The force and heat of the the of using the carrying CAUTION: apply liberally, then with and of to every It might necessary, when finished, to the where Thermal shock shatter cleaning CAUTION: these the directing from of than inches. The responsibility caused to or to the of and through the and the and Instruction A, B, C choose of of Steam offers flow B. STEAM BRUSHES to of Steam The three the to each Bathroom, Steam to together To release, Release of cleaning to reach and while treating with clothing or Steamer to together To release, C. GARMENT STEAMER ATTACHMENT to Release of intermittently (once every CAUTION: or once every seconds otherwise exiting from Press and You where and to reducing flow achieved.
to only, other WARNING: WARNING: To reduce of from Steamer or Cleaning with the EURO-PRO Steam from EURO-PRO Steam to and High to household Steam and You and clean without cleaners which often food, and of without cleaning High reduce the amount of and The bathroom and nursery these reduce bacteria and where might and the EURO-PRO Steam Cleaner to bowls, counter tops, and other J. Steamer O. Unit N. Release Steam M. Foot Cord P. Water Q. Screw L. E. Cleaning H. Steam F. Steam I. Water G. Steam B. Steam A. of Unit D. Light C. Light To reduce and to with seconds, holding the outlet than inches from the WARNING High from the EURO-PRO Steam reduce bacteria and however, the reach and/or bacteria and treated. Therefore, bacteria treated with with the EURO-PRO Steam Cleaner the and You first This of
The Water the the of the Steamer. the Steamer from WARNING: the from the turning counter the Water turning counter clockwise motion. with the Water clockwise motion. correctly household cleaning and EURO-PRO Steamer Steam Used to the information contained this using this EURO-PRO Steam CAUTION cool or to the heating only, other or with then clockwise motion. With cool Water completely and then to or Doing To to with turning clockwise motion the of the Steamer. CAUTION First of then of from first seconds to and With assembled WARNING: Steam than once which then through and second. Pressing than once or seconds. without to reduce of CAUTION Press or to completely or the of the Cord cord. The light when light and off when light illuminated. the first light Following first light and off. If too exiting too Stop and light. than once or once seconds. Light/Indicator Light the and flow The to the heating Continuous once or seconds. You while which performance. Press and reduced then (approximately once every or seconds). Steam You first This of the and You first This flow of or each the to Press repeatedly first then patiently than once or seconds and eventually of If too and assembled