Congratulations! You the of the Steam Cleaning To the of please to the and the instructions ready reference. Please the warranty and the EURO-PRO LLC: NY Professional Steam Cleaner USE CARE INSTRUCTIONS H4S 1A7 EP961
Professional Steam should including the following: instructions Professional Steam Cleaner. the its To of shock. of the or other The should turned OFF or from to from instead, and to allow to the cool completely or the around when from when with or emptying and when the when the This allow to that there the the Follow instruction to release through the the release the and allow to cool to the the when the to allow to the with or or the or other of the or To the of or to the Professional Steam Cleaner. the to EURO-PRO LLC warranty examination and Incorrect re-assembly or of shock or to when the Professional Steam used. or the while connected. from touching or when turning the as there the The and burns. the of and/or This household Follow user instructions this chemicals or other than the of chemicals the of chemicals warranty. or towards outlets. To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or or as this recommended cord, as cord, or around or corners. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off from cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with cool, lighted. the or its when or the or other the from the when the cleaner. aromatic, or products the cleaner, as this or SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS 05/01B IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS
To another the when using the cleaner. If necessary, should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that pulled or tripped when the connected to supply/electrical WARNING: This with grounded-type This This If the should to the to the to the of the grounding of the IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
Professional Steam Steam Water On/Off Switch the Steam On Light Water Light Cord Steam Cleaning Unit On/Off Steam Switch Steam EP961
Accessories Technical Specifications 110V Steam PSI) Water Capacity: US Quarts/Liters Steam 240F 115.6C Steam Cleaning the attached) Water
Instructions On/Off Switch: The On when the switch the Pushed The when the switch its to the first and then counter clockwise. the instruction the Water the Steam This the amount of of the Turning the clockwise increase the to its Steam Indicating Light this light On, that the ready to This light On and showing that the Water Light (Red) This light when the the instructions the this light might heating. On/Off Steam Switch this switch to the On the of The On/Off Steam Switch located the the attaching or Steam CAUTION: the grounded heavy rated ordinary cord. Steam With Water Press and turn counter clockwise and of turning clockwise to It to This reduces heating the Heater On/Off Switch
Steam With Water Allow to reach its and these reached, the light. The ready to flow the On/Off Switch the using the If the the Yellow back At the from the of the This unheated the the to the Heat the cleaning! the lowest to the If the Light On Indicating Water Follow the Instructions Below to the Steam the On/Off Switch to its the On/Off Steam Switch to its On to release the the then the switch to the from the Follow instructions to the Steam as shown the while the first of A. the this Warning might light the heating. and the hose and to of this B. The as warning. and the lights, release through the pressing Steam Switch to On and allow the to cool. To through
Attaching the to the (with On/Off Steam and to the other To the the other, the and the attachments, the that fits the To this operation the and the Attaching the to the and the with its hand. With the the the back of the then the
white terry cloth this as to the and It following the as the to the the Please that through thin towels. If the as shown white terry cloth towel: the top of the towel. C the other of the as shown C. thick enough towels, please towels. Cloth the the cloth as shown D. Wrapped With Terry Cloth
to the Towel the the around the and the towel as shown E. This cleaning Apply with the and with the cleaning to or cracks. Cleaning This useful cleaning that to reach. It and and The following to this Screw the the thread of the
On To Wate cleaning with recommended that and when cleaning light to the of The the of the 220F and F. The of the to F of inches from the Warning wrapped around the become enough to that the cool off touching Steam (with cleaning with Increase the the cleaned or the with white terry cloth towels. of to allow to the towel around the and the cloth The of using to and cleaned. towels. towel smear the with and bleach. while the the to released the when the with Work from the top this the already cleaned. back and forth while cleaning. with the to tight and corners first. as as otherwise and to the
Steam and the with terry cloth attached. the the as the the or with towel. If the the slowly, If to heat or the cleaning with the the the the To or high areas; corners or tight towel, Work the from the with cloth or towel. of the stripped, immediately the and with chance to them. back the with the with towel to To Clean around the quickly. This the to allow heat to of enough to its Work with the attached to the with cloth attached ready as Clean the of the with the the and the the the to the and and of that dirty, the towel and with the the the first. the with cloth attached might terry cloth to the allowing the to the The cloth the and cleaning, the without the this process. while the cleaned completely. too back and forth motion cleaning heat the fibers. Warning: the while The from cleaning the of with or clean, towel and as the back or other of the the as If off the towel, to the cleaned. the testing first inconspicuous
the with terry cloth the to cleaned. painted the with terry cloth attached to or that the water-based that cleaning. The the or the Wall or Normal Wall terry cloth with the to from their through the towel while cleaning the smooth, and while cleaning of the with terry cloth attached. Clean painted as would painted If there of heavy the without the cloth. where water-based or and Mirrors the and Work with the top to the with the off to clear the from the To this without from the top to the of the cleaning to or cracks. or the or the the to cleaned. The the and grease the Follow with terry cloth the to and polishing to with cleaned. of the the Bathroom To clean the bathtub or shower the shower tracks, to and heavily areas. The with terry cloth attached the to the of the The Cleaner to and allow of the heat to the This helpful the shower where there and of and shower with the Cleaner. To the terry cloth towel or to and To the
leather the with the terry cloth attached. the the the cleaned applying the with the and following with towel. To clean the the without attached to off the and and and high and becomes light that the consistency of light the touched terry cloth the immediately and flows the towel. You from as as the the Removing the of and easily and blowing from the from the This accomplished using the the terry cloth to the to catch the as blown the off the apply to The Steam that stated This to of what with the Steam the which to the and It helpful to terry cloth or towel ready to of and white You the with Steam Cleaner. the and the without attached to off the the of to and as or the of dishwasher. the Steam It and other as as from the and upholstery. immediately the cleaned the cracks, and to reach areas. the to the and The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily cleaned with the the to the and around weather with the To microwaves or other the and the with terry cloth areas. outlets.
EP961 EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The attached Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this Should covered the of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to EURO-PRO LLC, NY of purchase and and charges included.* The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC, to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States the or of or the apply to This warranty rights which from to PURCHASER_______________________________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE DEALER item to to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Please and within of purchase. The to the this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC, MAIN MILL STREET, DOOR PLATTSBURGH, NY IN CANADA: BOIS FRANC, ST. LAURENT, QUEBEC, H4S 1A7 PURCHASER: ADDRESS: CITY: STATE/PROV.: ZIP/POSTAL CODE. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL: SERIAL NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: PRINTED IN ITALY LIMITED WARRANTY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD SERIAL