Steam OWNERS MANUAL 120V., EP922HA EURO-PRO LLC NY
Steam warranted to free from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP922HA Should covered the terms of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, to: of purchase and and charges EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. included.* US: The of this warranty to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States/Provinces the or of or the apply to item to to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with insure the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications to without This warranty rights which from to or to the this acknowledge Please and within of purchase. The to to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions PURCHASER: ADDRESS: RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD CITY: STATE. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL:... NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: EP922HA Printed
the or with from the when the cord. To the the or cord, as when and servicing or or other chemicals to off as Not the or its NOT cleaning only as this To reduce the of fire, shock, or when the or outlets with the this as this or other the cord, or around the allow to as toy. or corners. from ALWAYS STORE YOUR APPLIANCE when or distilled/purified carrying capacity. only recommended from or without shoes. with INDOORS cool, the the cord. or or heated cleaner. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM Steam should including the following: other than the of or or the or other to EURO-PRO LLC the the with Incorrect re-assembly or household Follow user instructions of shock or to chemicals the This allow or the while when the connected to outlet or when To of shock, when as there The and of the from allow to from touching outlet when with or emptying the its shock, or to of chemicals of the or instructions or chemicals or To the of the cool completely the and when turn the warranty) examination and instead, and to the cleaner. the around when to from or and/or This only the of when the used. or other to burns. cleaner. this warranty. only to of terry cloth or The that the which to the and It helpful to mentioned. This what achieved with the and white ready to of DOWN THE CLEANED SURFACE WITH ALWAYS FINISH CLEANING BY WIPING TOWEL PVC allowing enough the to Work the to the the with towel. as or the cleaner. cleaning the of to and You the brushes with of dishwasher. To clean the the To the with towel. cleaned and the the the the the without attached to off the and Clothing the and cleaned with the to the to the and To microwaves or other around The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily with the cleaning the the trays. the cracks, to around the and the cleaned with towel immediately and to reach areas. as the flows the towel. You from as that the consistency of touched immediately and and becomes light and high the the cleaning and or stretch the to from ordinary steamers the from without the the The and first to the To counter tops the and then follow with terry cloth to heavily areas, the finish. cleaning them from outlet cleaning. the areas. cloth to the to catch the off the from the This accomplished from the of and easily the the terry only the and as blown the apply to Removing SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
or to with polishing cleaned. with terry cloth towel the to the the the to cleaned. grease the Follow and The the and TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS the of the with the or other chemicals to the with or without the with or towel. the or the this as this as to allowing the to required. If to NOT cleaning inconspicuous cleaning. the completely Cleaning If absolutely necessary, rated of should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that pulled or tripped To another the as the cleaner. when the connected to supply/electrical the to the To the or shower areas. The the shower of the Allow of the helpful the shower heat to the This tracks, to and heavily there or with towel. of and Bathroom type This only of the grounding of the WARNING: This with grounded- to the to the If the should to the outlet This or or of To and Once hose resumed. CAUTION: from hose or with or without To clean the and then with towel. immediately once with terry cloth the with amount of or back of heat and towel. terry cloth or to and shower with the To clean the cleaner. as the back or other If off the towel, CAUTION: the or clean, and Mirrors and of with to the of the the as cleaned. To this without leaving the with the the the top to the Work with from the top to off to clear the from the the of the the the heat and action. and On that treated with or WARNING: Steam Cleaner to This the to It and that withstand high heat. plastics therefore recommended to isolated of the to cleaned proceeding. or first with or to the to this or from If this the the If this apply to the with the and too the The and to the to or CAUTION: cleaning cracks. WARNING: of Scalding. Please when the cleaner. The from this NOT cleaning or or distilled/purified the other chemicals to the this IMPORTANT: cleaning resin the the Work when with towel. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR STEAM CLEANER TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM If of the the the the and to heat or the the other If the as the slowly, the and with when light to the of cleaning Water the to with This To Clean the the of enough to its allow heat to Work or IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning other chemicals to the distilled/purified the this or become enough to burn. that the cool off around the WARNING wrapped touching and ready as Clean the the with the the with the the and the the to the and the with the the attached to towel. while with towels. The of using towel to the the when the with to released the and smear the white terry cloth towels. Work and bleach. Micro-fiber Steam Steam Micro-fiber Towel Casters Cord Steam Ready Light On Light (Red) Steam Shoulder Strap Hose Steam Switch towel to as as back and tight and corners first. otherwise and with from the top this with the to the already cleaned. to the forth while cleaning. US Water Capacity: Steam 120V., Technical Specifications
the Allow to cool. the from the the and and overnight or screw the of hours. the while while the the with the To the Steam Steam: CARE MAINTENANCE FEATURES OF STEAM CLEANER to the of from This from the Normally, of recommended every to the with of and the vigorously. the and If consistently or cleaning the unnecessary. the Steam Allows to the to the chemicals. or to the with the of or the amount of the to the fact that ready to from the If the high of and to cleaning, should Steam Bathrooms, and and areas, and Non-corroding, crush-resistant
and shipped To The casters the the three cleaner, the casters the that the of the the casters to the casters. the Casters to the Attaching the Shoulder Strap OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Steam of the Steam allows freedom of the shoulder when both cleaning To the shoulder to the connecting the cleaner, the shoulder the NOTE: Allow the to cool CAUTION: of and to the switch while or Attaching the to the Steam Hose If and the that thread from coating the and the micro-fibers to the thread with of To the towel, or This and should and other from other grease and other the towel, scratch the that cleaning. as high heat the to the first the towel. as towel, this to the the towel. clothes with using the and them too they become as of threads that, THREAD the thread from the and machinery. There other They to SOFTENERS Bleach the and the become the towel. This and the and ONLY USE LIQUID DETERGENTS the to NEVER USE BLEACH OR FABRIC the weave to Instead, to the to that allow the cloth to The first thing should when therefore cleaning while they towels. NEVER PULL AT THE LOOSE cleaned. efficiently. to and cloth, of to the cleaning of this cleaning Towel cleaning to then Apply abundantly, with the and with the This useful or IMPORTANT cleaning To the to reach to the or cracks. or with the of the cleaner, the the to right IMPORTANT: the the the to the or to the the Then to the the or with It cleaning the and to the of the then directly To the which instructions the To Follow the cleaning from the It cleaning the the Micro-Fiber Towel and with the or the with the shoulder IMPORTANT: the to the hose as this
with the the of the that the the with the Once the the Heating with the heat OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the handgrip. To increase the that allows to the flow to the that when cleaning seams. The located the the and higher when using clockwise and to flow, the counter clockwise. the Steam WARNING: Allow to cool the and as become when the and back and scalding. the to the should when the there that the the while the scalding. distilled/purified the the 120V. This light other chemicals to the this CAUTION: the instructions or the Water IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning On Light (red): This light when the MINUTES BEFORE REFILLING. ALLOW UNIT TO and off with the ready light. or Steam CAUTION: COOL FOR FIFTEEN the or WARNING: the to attaching or UNPLUGGED from the Attaching the Steam Towel to the the the outlet Allow approximately the NOTE: the grounded) and The ready light when the ready the Steam to reach its of With Water towel. the Bring the and to the of the back of the front of the that the Bring the towel the to the top of the the cleaner, that the NOT that fits the the operation the other or the pressing the locking of the to the the and the sections the locking the To To Steam with Steam IMPORTANT: that the UNPLUGGED from the and allowed to cool to or the to this the that the switch the hand to the ON to of and the the to and allowed to cool provided. towel, that the allowed to cool NOTE: If the or attaching towel. the the NOTE: the with the as follows: attached to the If the as the other. the shown of the hand and the the WARNING: Allow to cool when the as become and scalding. outlet and the the from the switch the to the OFF counter clockwise it the the and US the the The of the the when the specially to to of the the as of the