Steam OWNERS MANUAL 120V., S3306H QC H4S 1A7 NY U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC Copyright LLC
Steam Cleaner warranted to from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to Should covered the of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to: effective should with this YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY S3306H The of this warranty to the of the or This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States/Provinces the This warranty rights which from to or to item to to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the or of or the apply to EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y., the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. EURO-PRO LLC QC H9S 1A7 to without or of purchase included.* U.S.: OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. City purchased of Appliance RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC, Plattsburgh, NY, S3306H Printed
when and servicing or when or off as Not the or its as this from the when To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or outlets with when the or with or corners. or other the the cord, or around allow to as toy. cord, as the ALWAYS STORE YOUR APPLIANCE cord. To carrying capacity. the the cord. or without shoes. recommended with from INDOORS cool, the cleaner. or from heated or NOT injury: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Steam should other than the of or or the or other to EURO-PRO LLC the the with Incorrect re-assembly or household Follow instructions chemicals the of shock or to the while or when the connected to outlet or when To of shock, This allow when as there The and of the from allow to from touching outlet when with or emptying the only its shock, or to of chemicals of the or instructions chemicals or or To the of the cool completely the and when the warranty) examination and instead, and to the cleaner. the around when to from including the following: or and/or This only the of when the used. or other to burns. cleaner. this warranty. ALWAYS FINISH CLEANING BY WIPING DOWN THE CLEANED SURFACE WITH TOWEL only to of terry cloth or The that the which to the and It helpful to mentioned. This what with the and white ready to of TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM cleaned with the to the and the to the and around The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily with the cleaning the the trays. the cracks, to around the and the cleaned with immediately and to reach areas. and as or of to You the with cleaner. cleaning the the of dishwasher. the areas. To microwaves or other cleaning them from outlet cleaning. of the If to such as towels, please the service ORDERING SUPPLIES first to the To counter tops the then with terry cloth to finish. or other chemicals to cleaning the this as this the or or distilled/purified the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
PVC allowing enough the to Work the to the the with towel. TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM or to with polishing cleaned. with terry cloth the to the the the to cleaned. grease the Follow and The the and If necessary, rated of should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that or tripped To another the as the cleaner. ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS when the connected to supply/electrical applying the with the cleaned and the the the and following with towel. To the the To the with towel. the without attached to blow off the and To the bathtub or shower to the of the Allow shower there or areas. The window/tile This helpful the the the shower tracks, to and heavily of the heat to the with towel. Bathroom or or of To and Once hose resumed. CAUTION: from hose people, or type This of the grounding of the to the to the WARNING: This with grounded, If the should to the outlet This as the flows the towel. You from as that the consistency of touched immediately and and becomes light and high the the and with or without terry cloth towel or to and To the of and shower with the cleaner. immediately once with terry cloth the with amount of or back of heat and towel. To the and then with towel. and On that treated with or the the heat and action. WARNING: Steam to This the to It and that withstand high heat. plastics therefore recommended to isolated of the to cleaned proceeding. cloth to the to catch the off the apply from the This accomplished from the of and easily the the terry the and as the Removing to to the to this or or first with or from If this the the If this apply to the with the and too the The and it to the other chemicals to the this or IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning or distilled/purified the WARNING of Scalding Please when the cleaner. The from the of the the cleaning resin Work when with towel. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR STEAM CLEANER the the with the the with or without the with or clean towel. as to allowing the to the completely Cleaning TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM the Steam to Steam that Steam the and the the and to of the towel the Steam heat and of the and the other One of than or other Steam the as cleaning It that to and steadily and the the of the and and as the back or other If off the towel, or clean, and the of with to the of the the as cleaned. of inconspicuous cleaning. or other chemicals to the or the this as this required. If to NOT cleaning This the to Steam with To Clean the the To this without leaving the with the the the top to the Work with from the top to off to clear the from the the of the and Mirrors of allow heat to enough to its Work ready as Clean the the with the the with and and the hose and Steam the and the Steam the to the and the the Steam Steam Steam Steam Towel Measuring Shoulder Strap Technical Specifications On/Off Switch Steam Steam Ready Light Steam Hose Unit to or cleaning cracks. US Water Capacity: from 120V.,
the or with cleaning other chemicals to the to the NOT cleaning this or when light of TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM Water the with of from This from the Normally, of recommended to and the vigorously. of and the to the If consistently cleaning the unnecessary. the Steam and crush-resistant FEATURES OF STEAM CLEANER Steam Cleaner: Bathrooms, areas, and Lightweight and to as as and clean tight and corners first. with otherwise and towel from the top this with the to the already cleaned. to the forth while cleaning. Work cleaning, should high of and to If the Steam To the Steam Cleaner the it necessary to the with of approximately hours. screw the the the the with and to the the and overnight or or the of the from the to the fact that amount of the from the while the while Allow the to cool. ready
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS light located the On and the switch turned to the Steam Ready Light: The ready when the the 120V switch light that On/Off Switch: The On/Off when the ready. On OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS allows freedom of the shoulder cleaning To the the the the shoulder shoulder to the cleaner, when both Attaching the Shoulder Strap scalding. when to cool and and the as become when the Allow Warning: should there that while the the from the back and scalding. FIFTEEN MINUTES BEFORE ALLOW UNIT TO COOL FOR REFILLING. or the or NOT cleaning other chemicals to the this the Water the instructions the Connecting Connecting and from the the switch the On/Off switch to the On finished using the outlet grounded) and and the ready the At the of the Allow ready light On. from the to reach its the This clockwise to or counter clock-wise to Press the the to that To or the If the or of the and the counter outlet and allow the to the the Not Turn the the from the with of the with the and it clockwise cool freely without advancing. the heat clockwise to the cool to to or that the the and to UNPLUGGED from the this or Steam the provided. With Water as this to the hose and the with the shoulder or the with the Allow to released Warning This every
of and to the switch while or Attaching the to the Allow the to cool Steam Hose OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS To the towel, it from other They LOOSE THREAD the thread If grease and other the towel, as high heat the to cloth, of as the towel. clothes with machinery. There using the and them too dirty, they the the first other and the of threads that, while they Bleach the SOFTENERS become trapped the towel. This to become as to the cleaning of this to and other from the and and towel, this to the or This and Instead, the thread with ONLY USE LIQUID DETERGENTS NEVER USE BLEACH OR FABRIC towel to what allow the cloth to the to coating the and the micro-fibers to should NEVER PULL AT THE that thread The first thing should when therefore cleaning the to towels. scratch the that to and from the and and the cleaning cleaned. of the towel. efficiently. cleaning. of the Steam Towel the with the the of the with the approximately with the the as follows: the Heating the shown that the attached to the the Once the with If the shorten the heat the the as the other. and the of the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS To the The the that when the of the Steam the Apply then and with the To the to reach to the or with cleaning to or cracks. This or cleaning and the sections together. To the locking and the the operation that fits the the other or the the accessory to the the locking with To the sections Steam with Steam to the or to the To the and to reach to the to attaching or UNPLUGGED from the Warning: the towel, that the allowed to cool or attaching If the towel. Bring the and that the back of Bring the towel the to the top the the the of the the front of the the and to of the towel. Attaching the Steam Towel to the It cleaning the or with the and To Screw the to the then directly which of the