Used Steam Congratulations! You the of the Steam Cleaning/Steam To the of please to the and the instructions ready reference. Please the warranty and the EURO-PRO CORPORATION WEST SERVICE RD. CHAMPLAIN, NY Steam with Iron USE CARE INSTRUCTIONS USA EP965 ST. LAURENT, QUEBEC H4S1A7 Used Steam Iron EURO-PRO CORPORATION BOIS FRANC CANADA
EURO-PRO Steam with Iron basic should including the following: instructions using the Steam with Iron. the its To of shock. of the or other The should turned OFF or from to from instead, and to allow to the cool completely or the around when from outlet when with or emptying and when the when the This allow to that there the the Follow instructions to release through the the release the and allow to cool to the the when the to allow to the with or or the or other of the or To the of shock, or to the Steam Cleaner. the to EURO-PRO warranty examination and Incorrect re-assembly or of shock or to when the Steam used. or the while connected. from touching or when turning the as there the The and burns. the of and/or This household Follow instructions this chemicals or other than the of chemicals the of chemicals warranty. To reduce the of fire, shock, or when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near or as this recommended cord, as or around or corners. from heated cords or outlets with carrying capacity. Turn off from cord. To the the cord. or with or without shoes. with lighted. the or its when or the or other the from the when the cleaner. aromatic, or products the cleaner, as this or SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS 0601A
To another the If necessary, should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that pulled or tripped when the connected to supply/electrical WARNING: This with grounded-type This This If the should to the to the to the of the grounding of the IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
Steam Water On/Off Switch the Steam Indicating Light (Yellow) Water Light (Red) Cord Steam Cleaning Unit On/Off Steam Switch (On the Steam Steam Hose or Iron Steam Hose Steam Hose Steam with Iron Rated 60HZ EP965 Steam Continuous Steam C Steam Hose with Light Iron Soleplate Iron
Technical Specifications 110V Steam PSI) Water Capacity: Steam 240F Steam Cleaning the attached) Water
Instructions On/Off Switch: The On when the switch the Pushed The when the switch its to the first and then counterclockwise. the instruction the Water the Steam Indicating Light this light On, it that the ready to This light On and showing that the Water Light (Red) This light On when the the instructions the this light might heating. On/Off Steam Switch this switch to the On the flow of The On/Off Steam Switch located the the attaching or Steam Cleaner CAUTION: the grounded heavy rated ordinary cord. Steam With Water that the ON/OFF Switch the and ON/OFF Steam Switch the OFF that connected to If the that the Steam released through the as and To the and the counterclockwise,
Steam With Water the the the below.) the with to the top of the the from the You that the to approximately inches below the top of the DO NOT ADD ANY MORE WATER NOW The that when follow the instructions, the of the turning clockwise friction. DO NOT CLOSE TOO TIGHTLY OR GASKET WILL BE FLATTENED. IMPORTANT NOTE: DO NOT ADD ANY MORE WATER TO THE TANK AFTER THE WATER LEVEL HAS DROPPED. (SEE ABOVE.) ADDING MORE WATER TO THE TANK AT THIS POINT WILL CAUSE OVERFILLING AND RESULT IN WATER DROPS IN THE STEAM. If the Light On Indicating Water Follow the Instructions Below to the Steam the On/Off Switch to its the On/Off Steam Switch to its On to release the the then the switch to the from the Follow instructions to the Steam as shown when the when the Turn OFF first the while the first of might
Accessories Attaching the to the (with On/Off Steam and to the other To the the other, the and the attachments, the that fits the To this the and the The already attached to the Attaching the Attaching the to the the with its hand. With the the the back of the then the Removing the To the from the the with its hand. Turn the and then USING AS STEAM CLEANER
white terry cloth this as to the and It following the as the to the Towel the Please that through thin towels. If the towel as shown white terry cloth towel: the top of the towel. C the other of the as shown C. thick enough towels, please towels. Cloth the the cloth as shown D. Wrapped With Terry Cloth
to the Towel the the around the and the as shown E. This cleaning Apply with the and with the cleaning to or cracks. Cleaning This cleaning that to reach. It and and The following to this Screw the the thread of the It cleaning the
On To Wate cleaning with when cleaning light to the of The the of the 220F and F. The of the to F of inches from the Warning wrapped around the become enough to burn. that the cool off touching white terry cloth towels. of to allow to the around the and the cloth The of to and cleaned. towels. smear the with and bleach. while the the to released the when the with Work from the top to already cleaned. back and forth while cleaning. with the to tight and corners first. as as otherwise and to the
Steam and the with terry cloth attached. the the as the the or with towel. If the the slowly, If to heat or the cleaning with the the the the To areas; corners or tight towel, Work the from the of the stripped, immediately the and with chance to them. back the with the with to To Clean towel around the quickly. This the to allow heat to of enough to its Work the with the attached to the with cloth attached ready as Clean the of the with the the and the the the to the and and of that the towel and with the the the first. the with cloth attached might terry cloth to the allowing the to the The cloth the and cleaning, the without the this while the cleaned too back and forth motion cleaning heat the Warning: the while The from cleaning the testing first inconspicuous
the with terry cloth attached the to cleaned. painted the with terry cloth attached to or WARNING that the that cleaning. The the or the Wall or Normal Wall terry cloth with to from their through the towel while cleaning the smooth, Wall with Blow and from the from of to the Follow with the terry cloth towels. (Heat the terry cloth enough to them and turn off the touching the WARNING cleaning first inconspicuous to that fast. Work as to the the with terry cloth attached. Clean painted as clean painted If there heavy the to to isolated where and Mirrors the and Work with the the top to the with the off to clear the from the To this without from the top to the of the CAUTION cleaning to or cracks. or the the the to cleaned. The the and grease the Follow with terry cloth towel the to and polishing to with cleaned. immediately of heat and the with terry cloth and the with amount of or back once with clean terry cloth towel. Notes: from If this the the with first to this or or first with or to the too the and to the The If this apply to the with the and
of the the and the with terry cloth towel. the the allowing enough the to areas, the without the cloth first to Bathroom To the or shower the shower tracks, to and heavily areas. The with terry cloth attached the to the of the The Steam Cleaner to or allow of the heat to the This helpful the shower there or of and shower with the Steam Cleaner. To the terry cloth or to and To the with terry cloth attached to upholstery and as the You should the to leather the with the terry cloth towel attached. the the the cleaned applying the with the and following with towel. To the To clean the the and the without attached to off the and
and and high and becomes light that the consistency of the touched terry cloth towel the it immediately and flows the towel. You from as as the the only the of and easily and from the from the This accomplished the the terry cloth to the to catch the as blown the off the apply to The Steam Steam that stated This to of what achieved with the Steam the which to the and It helpful to terry cloth or towel ready to of and white You the with Steam Cleaner. the and the without attached to off the the of to and as or the of dishwasher. the Steam It and other as as from the and upholstery. the to the and The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily cleaned with the the to the and around with the To microwaves or other the and the with terry cloth areas. To counter tops, the with terry cloth attached. heavily areas, the without the terry cloth first to the then follow with terry cloth towel attached to finish.
This converted to high USING AS STEAM IRON Steam Continuous Steam C Steam Hose with Light Iron Soleplate Iron ATTACHING YOUR STEAM IRON TO THE STEAM CLEANER the from the Disconnect the Steam Hose from the cleaner. the cover of the the hose with the (D) to the the the cover. that the the cover fits the of the to the the (G) the to the the Allow the to heat the Light (E) off, indicating reached the You the (H) the the the when the hose the Steam Hose as shown the front of this instruction With Steam with that the within the with Wool and (G). the chosen attained, the Light (E) and ready to used. If steady supply of the Steam (B) and then backwards to the Steam (A) To the Continuous Steam (B) and forwards.) Steam You with as as the (G) to Wool Steam With the the the Steam (A) the the The This without the (G) to the which to the to Turn the ON/OFF Switch to ON The Light (E) the light as the Light (E) off, the reached the NOTE NOT the Steam (A) when without
Steaming Clothes With the Iron that the light ON, indicating that the ready. that the light (E) ON first indicating that the heating and then turned OFF, indicating that the reached the Press the Steam (B) to the of the You the Continuous Steam (B) backwards to the To the Steam (B) The of using the clothes might the If to follow the instructions below. the back its the indicating light to On, showing that the ready. the light (E) to On, indicating that the heating. Then the light (E) that the reached to
Wool: then smoothly Iron and lightly the or first, then the right touching the CAUTION: The to performance. instead of from release. Initial and without concerned that or the hose allowed to cool while. WARNING: from the or another when the The and burns.
EP965 EURO-PRO Corporation warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this Should covered the of the warranty within EURO-PRO Corporation or the the purchaser, freight to EURO- PRO Corporation, Service Champlain, NY of purchase and and charges included.* The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO Corporation to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO Corporation or of whatsoever. States the or of or the apply to This warranty rights which from to PURCHASER_______________________________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE DEALER item to to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Please and within of purchase to the Warranty.. The to the discovered. this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO: EURO-PRO Corporation, WEST SERVICE RD., CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. IN CANADA: BOIS FRANC, ST. LAURENT, QUEBEC, H4S 1A7 PURCHASER: ADDRESS: CITY: STATE/PROV.:. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL: SERIAL NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: Printed LIMITED WARRANTY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD SERIAL