Steam SC717XH 120V., 1000W. EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC USA: EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC QC H4S 1A7 NY COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
The of this warranty to the of the or the warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Steam warranted to from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should Should covered the terms of the warranty within year, EURO-PRO LLC or the of purchase and and charges This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations it the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States/Provinces the or of This warranty rights which from to or to item to to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered constantly to products, therefore the specifications EURO-PRO LLC, Plattsburgh, NY EURO-PRO LLC, H4S 1A7 option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. or the apply to the purchaser, freight to: to without with this included.* U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY SC717XH the or its only as this To reduce the of fire, shock, or when the or with or distilled/purified the when and servicing or or with as this the cord, or around or corners. or other the the allow to as toy. when or cord, as the from ALWAYS STORE YOUR APPLIANCE or other cord. To chemicals to the this from the carrying capacity. off as or without shoes. the the cord. only recommended DO NOT cleaning with when the cleaner. INDOORS cool, or or from heated or IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS using Steam should including the following: chemicals or other than the of chemicals the warranty. of chemicals or of shock or instructions using the when around when as The and burns. shock, of the the cleaner. the the This allow when with warranty) examination and to when the instead, and to To the of shock, or or to to EURO-PRO LLC the its to from Incorrect re-assembly or there the To of from touching and/or This or emptying and when the of completely or the the the with or other of the or from to or other or or the household Follow while connected to allow to the cool outlet or when instructions this when cleaner. used. Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions to: Appliance purchased of EURO-PRO LLC, MAIN MILL STREET, DOOR PLATTSBURGH, NY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD SC717XH City State Printed REV. 08/06A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
of should used. Cords rated If necessary, rated overheat. should to that or tripped To another the as the cleaner. ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS when the connected to supply/electrical the and back and forth and then If performance to that the to the through Cleaning Instructions from the and This cleaning and allowed to cool completely cleaning or the cool Cleaning Instructions The force and heat of the Warning: This with grounded-type This This If the the to the of should to the to the grounding of the the while with or from the the ready high of and the from the If the screw the to the to the with to the fact that amount of the necessary to the cleaning, should the of the and and overnight or of the while hours the Allow to cool. Steam Cleaner and vigorously. the from This recommended every to the of the with of and to Empty from the each cool the of using the carrying Varnished or leather bleached the effects of Acrylic, and to the of The responsibility caused to or to the of and through the and the tarnished. only: If then whether or If empty, with follow these cleaning instructions: First that there cleaning, however, should to should normally build-up from the the Cleaning the such as straightened and the of the the from
terry cloth or To the the the shower there or To the and the shower tracks, to and heavily areas. Allow to and To the or shower This helpful the of the heat to the or to the To the follow the instructions the Bathroom Instructions the of the Both the and the To of the the Steam To the and or to If this the this or or first with the first to the too heat and the with the and apply to the immediately of If this from or back once with terry cloth towel. to the The with amount of the To the the to and Squeegee/Steam shown) Brush(x2) Measuring Cleaning Cloth Hose Steam Heating Light Steam Ready Light Cord Unit the Steam with the the arrow the of the of the the of the hose the the hose with the white To the hose to the the To the hose arrow with the white the of the clockwise that the Hose from Water Capacity: 120V., Technical Specifications
The that such The to tough and to to reach with the or such without chemicals, perfectly Steam and cleaning Clean such as counters, shower tracks, Clean upholstery, sealed bathroom/kitchen Clean coverings, pillows, as of Steam This to the The cleaning cloth with the Once the clean upholstery, to the this as Instructions of the as when back the locking to release The to clothing, upholstery, coverings and To the from the the Squeegee/Steam The to and and On that treated with or the the heat and action. This the to It therefore recommended to isolated of the to that withstand high heat. plastics, cleaned proceeding. Warning: with or clean, the of the the as To the towel, to the than the and of with as the back or other Cleaning from the top to with the using the brushing that top to To or back- this without the to and the with the If off the then to of cleaning cloth. fast, light with and-forth and the of the the Cleaning appearance. and Mirrors cleaned. DO NOT cleaning or other chemicals to the this or distilled/purified the DO NOT the grounded heavy rated ordinary cord. the the arrow the of with the white To the the the locking to release from the To the arrow with the turn white the of the the from the To the clockwise that the the the the of the Steam release the the locking to from the
and back Steam to released Warning: This DO NOT OVERFILL Screw back the as Instructions from It pressurized, when to the and to when there Warning: the the the while the of the the cool counter-clockwise. the and back, then release the the with and then To of while the release the and off the or there that the ON to thumb, to the the ON to the amount of from released, of the On the top of the To the with heating, that the and the the to release the ON Turn the To the released. To clockwise or counterclockwise OFF to the to the the from the to or the Instructions the Also, the to the right to the cleaner, that the NOT To this to the Assembly and the Steamer that the arrow the arrow the of the with clockwise with the white the To the the white the of the the To the the the of the the might back. while the first of when the completely and allow approximately created to clock and the hissing counter-clock the and the Press the the the Turn counter- Unscrew the the from released. to cool. and the Steamer of the the and counter- clockwise turning clockwise the and the DO NOT accessory Unlocked and the arrow white the The of the the ON to the with Heating heat to reach its and Allow approximately to The heating the light then light Warning: DO NOT such as outlets. or cleaner, and allow to cool. finished the Follow the instructions the Cleaning Instructions section. At the of the (this