PRO Steam Cleaner Steam warranted to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY SC505H 120V., SC505H OWNERS MANUAL Should covered the of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to: of purchase and and charges EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. included.* US: The of this warranty to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States/Provinces the or of or the apply to This warranty rights which from to or to item to to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without the discovered. this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying Please and within of purchase. The to PURCHASER: ADDRESS: RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD instructions information or EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY Printed CITY: STATE. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL:... NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: SC505H
attached. the the as the or the the slowly, If with clean towel. If the the the cleaning with the to heat or the the with terry cloth the and OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the the allowing enough the to Work PVC the to and other to blow The or crack easily cleaned with the to the and the as chemicals often Can the and the the when and of the that cleaning. painted the or with the Steam when cord. To or its the from the when the or distilled/purified cord, as the or that the force and the heat of the when or and such as the cleaner, please or or other chemicals to as this NOT cleaning or leather bleached with To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or outlets with cool, the this as this or other the allow to as toy. cord, or around or corners. from the servicing or carrying capacity. recommended or without to the of the with the the cord. people, or or heated cleaner. Steam should including the following: or or the or other the other than the of the with Cleaner. the to EURO-PRO The and burns. household Follow instructions chemicals the or the while as there To of shock, shock or to when or the from the Steamer used. of the allow to outlet when or emptying from touching the its shock, or to of chemicals of the or around or chemicals or instructions using To the of the cool completely assembly or of the the Steam instead, and to examination and Incorrect Steam Cleaner. to from and/or This LLC warranty) the of or other and when this when connected. warranty. of the stripped, chance to areas; corners or tight towel, Work immediately the and with the from the with the with to them. back the To them from outlet cleaning cleaning. the areas. To clean microwaves or other cloth attached ready as Clean the the and the with the attached dirty, the and with the to the with the and and of that the the to the the the with the allow heat to to its Work of To Clean the to the around the quickly. This of with gently or back- and-forth and to cloth towel. fast, light the to and brushing that the attached directly to than then the with the with clean white terry the appearance. the towel, to the and as If off of as the back or with or clean, CAUTION: the other of the the cleaned. the or and to the bleached with please that the force and the heat of cleaning. painted or leather of the that using the cleaner, such as of the To the the and the to leather the with the terry cleaned and as the You should the applying the with the with terry cloth attached to clean and following with cloth attached. the towel. 02/03I To the the To the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
used. Cords rated overheat. should to If necessary, should that pulled or tripped To another the ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS when the connected to supply/electrical the from the To this without using top to the Work with the the with the to clear from the top to the of the leaving and Mirrors On To Steam with when light to the of cleaning Cleaner Water SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY NOT cleaning or other chemicals to or distilled/purified the the this IMPORTANT: WARNING: This with grounded- only outlet the should to the the of the to the of type This This If to the the the to cleaned. the grease the Follow with to The the and and or to with polishing cleaned. with the to this the and forth while cleaning. as as back already cleaned. from the top tight and corners first. otherwise and to the Work from If this the the to this or or first with or to the immediately the with of heat and amount of with the If this apply to the too the The and to the and owner's This to the which to the and cloth or and white achieved with the of what which this terry cloth or of The Steam It helpful to the ready to of the to the To clean the or shower areas. The of the Allow of the the shower helpful the shower heat to the This tracks, to and heavily there or Bathroom You the with the or the cleaner. cleaning the of to of dishwasher. To the and To concentrator/brush with or without the the the to cleaned cleaning immediately the cracks, and to reach around the trays, areas.
using the with the shoulder when both the allows freedom of the hose and to the cleaner, as this to cleaning To the shoulder the shoulder or the the shoulder the with the Attaching the Shoulder Strap OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS completely cleaning or the cool cleaning or CAUTION: This from the outlet and allowed to cool the GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DELUXE PORTABLE PRO STEAM CLEANER Connecting of free from This to the of and vigorously. the with and the to release the the to free the recommended every Empty from the each cool or to build- First that there the If should normally follow these cleaning instructions: such as straightened and the of the from then whether to cleaning, however, should from the through the back and forth switch and If empty, with If performance to Cleaning the Concentrator/Brush Shoulder Strap Technical Specifications Shoulder Strap Shoulder Strap Steam Light Hose Cord Unit from U.S. Water Capacity: 120V.,
Steam to tough cleaning without chemicals, perfectly and Steam and The that such Clean to reach with the such as Clean upholstery, sealed bathroom/kitchen FEATURES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS that the sufficiently through thin towels. Please that the front and the back that towels, top of the to the that the through and other used. This that the the and as as of the E) this as to the and white terry cloth towel Attaching Towel to the plastics, and On that treated with or the WARNING: Steam to the heat and action. This and upholstery that withstand high heat. the to It therefore recommended to isolated of the to cleaned proceeding. Clean such as counters, shower tracks, Clean coverings, pillows, the the cloth as shown D. CAUTION: the grounded heavy rated ordinary cord. NOT cleaning or or distilled/purified the other chemicals to the this IMPORTANT: and the as shown tightly the around the E. the towel, around the as shown A. white terry cloth towel: NOTE: There release of when This to of the Once cool, and to from the and allow to cool To from the top of the towel. the towel as shown shown C. the other of the as C
locking that of the to the the the hand the To and the sections the locking the To the operation fits the the other or the Steam with OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the to the the To the of the that and the below.) Concentrator/Brush ATTACHMENTS The locking release and the The when the To the the the flow of the With Water the to this to or IMPORTANT: that the UNPLUGGED from the the and provided. to follow these the to To To the brushes, the to the of the concentrator/brush below.) back Steam the DO NOT to as Screw back the the and the and the DO using the inches the top of Release the locking NOT OVERFILL released. Press with approximately Allow the to Disconnect from clockwise to the cleaner, internal released. the light that the NOT from the This Press locking to Allow of the provided. ready the the with The On At the to reach its and Turn counter clockwise light (Red) light Release locking Heating grounded turning heat to to CAUTION cleaning or cracks. the the back approximately of the then the with If the the the with its hand. the Heating with the With the to the heat NOTE: with the to the Please that the and with the This cleaning with the then Apply clicks the or the locking with the to To the the every WARNING: This released Allow to cool when there It to of the when to the the counterclockwise. cool while the NOTE: cleaner from the with while the CAUTION: the first of might