Steam warranted to free from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. Should covered the terms of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to: this This Warranty to effective should with YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY SC505 120V., SC505 OWNERS MANUAL of purchase and and The of this warranty to the of the EURO-PRO LLC NY charges included.* US: or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or INCLUDED. to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations LLC or of whatsoever. the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO This warranty rights which from to or the apply to States/Provinces the or of or item to to to item with and to with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of products, therefore the specifications to without ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to information or EURO-PRO LLC www.sharkcompany.com Plattsburgh, NY Printed
areas; corners or tight that the and heat or the towel, Work To Clean towel the to the the to the and Clean the the with the with the with around the This the from and the the attached. the the allow heat to and of to the with the the cleaning with the the chance to them. back with the as the enough to its Work the the stripped, immediately the and with the of the of To If to with cloth attached ready as with towel. If the the the the slowly, towel to the or the with terry cloth the Wood, and OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the the allowing enough the to Work PVC the to and other concentrator/brush to The or crack easily cleaned with the to the and the as chemicals often Can the and the of the that cleaning. painted when the the when and or with the cord. To or its the from the when the or distilled/purified cord, as the or that the force and the heat of the when or and such as the cleaner, please or or other chemicals to as this NOT cleaning or leather bleached with To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or outlets with cool, the this as this or other the allow to as toy. cord, or around or corners. from the Steam carrying capacity. recommended or without to the of the servicing or with the the cord. or or heated cleaner. injury: Steam basic should including the following: or or the or other of shock or to the other than the of the with The and burns. household Follow instructions when the Steam chemicals the the Steam Cleaner. Incorrect re-assembly or or the while warranty) examination and as there To of shock, or the from of the allow to touch outlet when or emptying from touching the its shock, or to of chemicals of the or around or chemicals or instructions To the of the cool completely the instead, and to to from and/or This the of the to EURO-PRO Steam Cleaner. or other and when this when connected. warranty. used. them from outlet cleaning cleaning. the areas. To microwaves or other Upholstery of fibers. with or back- and-forth and to cloth towel. fast, light the to and brushing that the attached directly to than then the with the with clean white terry the appearance. the or and to the bleached with please that the force and the heat of cleaning. painted or leather of the that the cleaner, such as of the to leather the with and as the the cleaned applying the with terry cloth attached to the You should the with the and To the and the the terry cloth attached. following with towel. the towel, to the and as If off of as the back or with or clean, CAUTION: the other of the the cleaned. 01/03I To the the To the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
used. Cords rated overheat. should to If absolutely necessary, should that pulled or tripped To another the ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS when the connected to supply/electrical the from the To this without using top to the Work with the the with the to clear from the top to the of the and Mirrors On To Steam with when light to the of cleaning Water SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY NOT cleaning or other chemicals to or distilled/purified the the this IMPORTANT: WARNING: This with grounded- outlet the should to the the grounding of the to the of type This This If to the the the to cleaned. the to with polishing grease the Follow with to The the and and cleaned. or with the to this the and forth while cleaning. as as back already cleaned. from the top tight and corners first. otherwise and to the Work from waterborne If this the the to this or or first with or to the immediately the with of heat and amount of with the If this apply to the too the The and to the and of which this owner's of what achieved white It helpful to or ready to with the the The Steam cloth or terry cloth This only to which to the and the of and the to the To the bathtub or shower areas. The of the Allow of the the shower helpful the shower heat to the This tracks, to and heavily there or Bathroom You clean the with the or the cleaner. cleaning the of to of dishwasher. To the and To with or without the the the to cleaned cleaning immediately the cracks, and to reach around the trays, areas.
the with the shoulder when both connecting the allows freedom of the hose and to the cleaner, excessively as this to cleaning To the shoulder the shoulder or the the shoulder the with the Attaching the Shoulder Strap OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS of to the of and the to release completely cleaning or to free the Empty from the every the vigorously. the free from This the the cool with and cool each cleaning or CAUTION: This from the and allowed to the GETTING TO KNOW YOUR PORTABLE SHARK STEAM CLEANER Connecting output or to build- First that there the output If should normally follow these cleaning instructions: such as straightened and the of the from then whether to cleaning, however, should from the through the back and forth switch and If empty, with If performance to Cleaning the Concentrator/Brush Shoulder Strap Shoulder Strap Shoulder Strap Steam Light Hose Cord Unit Technical Specifications from U.S. Water Capacity: 120V.,
Steam to tough The that such and Steam and cleaning without chemicals, perfectly to clean to reach with the such as Clean upholstery, sealed bathroom/kitchen FEATURES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS that the sufficiently through thin towels. Please that cover the front and the back that towels, top of the to the that the through and other used. This that the the and as as of the E) this as to the and white terry cloth Attaching Towel to the WARNING: Steam to and that withstand high heat. treated with or the the heat and action. This plastics, and On that the to It therefore recommended to isolated of the to cleaned proceeding. Clean such as counters, shower tracks, Clean coverings, pillows, the the cloth as shown D. NOTE: There release of when This to of CAUTION: the grounded only heavy rated ordinary cord. NOT cleaning or or distilled/purified the other chemicals to the this IMPORTANT: white terry cloth towel: and the as shown tightly the around the E. the towel, around the the top of the towel. as shown A. the Once cool, and allowed to from the and allow to cool To from the as shown shown C. the other of the as C
locking that of the to the hand the the the To and the sections the locking the To the fits the the other or the Steam with OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS concentrator/brush the to the the To the of the that and the below.) Concentrator/Brush ATTACHMENTS To The locking the To the the locking the flow of and the The when the With Water the to this to or IMPORTANT: that the UNPLUGGED from the the and to follow these the to To the brushes, the to the of the concentrator/brush below.) back Steam the provided. DO NOT to as Screw back the the and the and released. the DO inches the top of the Press approximately Release the locking NOT OVERFILL with approximately Allow the to cool from when there while the outlet It to of the when to the the pressurized, clockwise to counterclockwise. cool the cleaner, internal released. the light while the from the This that the NOT Press locking to Allow approximately NOTE: from of the provided. CAUTION: the ready the with the the with The On At the to reach its first of might and Turn counter clockwise light (Red) light Release locking Heating grounded turning heat to to CAUTION cleaning or cracks. the the back of the then turn the with If the the the with its hand. the Heating with the With the attached to the heat NOTE: with the to the Please that the and with the This cleaning with the then Apply clicks the or the locking with the to To the the WARNING: This released Allow to cool