Professional Steam 120V., A., OWNERS MANUAL SC926H EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC NY
of the that cleaning. painted the too the or with the cord. To or its the from the when the or distilled/purified cord, as the or it when the allow to as toy. that the force and the heat of the when or and the Steam such as using the cleaner, please or NOT cleaning or other chemicals to as this or leather bleached with To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or outlets with cool, the this as this or other the cord, or around or corners. from when and servicing or carrying capacity. only recommended to the of the or without shoes. with the the cord. people, or or heated cleaner. injury: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS using Steam should including the following: as there the other than the of and when the or or the or other the with household Follow instructions from instead, chemicals the the while or to LLC of shock or to To of shock, of the allow to or the from outlet when or emptying when the from touching when the used. the its This should OFF shock, or to of chemicals or from of the or or around and burns. chemicals or instructions The To the of the cool completely This allow to the Steam Cleaner. the the warranty) examination and to Incorrect re-assembly or the of and/or This and to or other Steam Cleaner. this when connected. warranty. Steam warranted to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this Should covered the of the warranty within LLC or the the purchaser, freight to: YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY SC926H LLC or of whatsoever. This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. States/Provinces the or of or the apply to of purchase and and charges included.* The of this warranty to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or LLC N.Y. item to to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with insure the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without This warranty rights which from to or to Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. City State purchased of Appliance EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y., RETURN TO: OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD SC926H 07/05B Printed SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
ALWAYS FINISH CLEANING BY WIPING DOWN THE CLEANED SURFACE WITH TOWEL only to of terry cloth or The that the which to the and It helpful to mentioned. This what achieved with the and white ready to of TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS cleaned with the to the and the to the and To or other around The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily with the If necessary, rated overheat. should to that of grounded should used. Cords rated pulled or tripped To another the as the cleaner. when the connected to supply/electrical cleaning the the trays. the cracks, to around the and with immediately the cleaned and to reach areas. and as or brushes, of to You the with cleaner. cleaning the the of dishwasher. To counter tops the the areas. cleaning them from cleaning. of the or or of To and switch. Once hose resumed. CAUTION: from hose or type This of the grounding of the to the to the WARNING: This with grounded, If the should to the outlet This off the and allow the the back and the and with the the and Then, heavily areas, apply towel the the with terry cloth of the without applying the Turn Finally, back to necessary. to cool. NOT cleaning or or distilled/purified the other chemicals to the this IMPORTANT: If to such as towels, please the service ORDERING SUPPLIES SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING: of Scalding. Please when the cleaner. The FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR STEAM CLEANER PVC allowing enough the to Work the to the the with towel. TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM or to it with polishing cleaned. with terry cloth the to the the the to cleaned. grease the Follow and The the and cleaning ordinary steamers from the from without the the to smooth the The the without attached to off the and and Clothing To the bathtub or shower to the of the Allow shower there or areas. The window/tile This helpful the the the shower tracks, to and heavily of the heat to the with towel. Bathroom Steam Steam Ready Steam On/Off Switch Heating Light (red) Hose On/Off Casters Unit as the flows the towel. You from as that the consistency of touched immediately and and becomes light and high the the the with or without terry cloth or to and To clean the of and shower with the cleaner. immediately it once with terry cloth the with amount of or back of heat and towel. To clean the and then with towel. Steam Steam Towel Technical Specifications cloth to the to catch the off the apply from the This accomplished from the of and easily the the terry and as blown the to to the to this or or first with or from waterborne If this the the If this apply to the with the and Moving too the The and to the US L) A. Steam Water Capacity: from 120V., of the the cleaning resin Work when with towel.
with or back or other of the the as the as If off the towel, to the the of CAUTION: clean, and cleaned. TIPS ON HOW TO USE YOUR SYSTEM FEATURES OF YOUR STEAM CLEANER Steam that Steam the and the the and to the as heat and of the and the other One of than or other cleaning It that the the Steam the to and steadily of the the of the and and crush-resistant Steam Cleaner: areas, and and Bathrooms, using the top to from the top to the of the with the off to clear Work with the the from the To this without the and the to CAUTION cleaning or cracks. and Mirrors the to with This To Clean the the Allows to the flow to the Non-corroding, Steam: NOT cleaning or other chemicals to the or it the this as this allow heat to enough to its of Work ready as Clean the the with the the the with the and the the to the and the the attached to and the the with the the with or without the with or towel. as to allowing the to the completely of inconspicuous cleaning. Cleaning If to
switch the to the OFF the off, the from the outlet and counter clockwise to of the Press the switch to the and the the of the the the and the from the that the the Not the the the the the cool On/Off switch the that the the ON to the to and to the switch US the the (2.4L) of when the as illustrated and the the The specially OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The light the On/Off switch ALLOW UNIT TO COOL FOR distilled/purified the On/Off Switch: The On when the when the The when or Steam CAUTION: when the heating the light On, that the switch the Pushed Steam Ready Light this CAUTION: Read the instructions or Cleaner with the IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning FIFTEEN MINUTES BEFORE other chemicals to the this Heating Light (red): This light the switch its or ready to REFILLING. However, with when light cleaning to the of Water to the of free from This free from the Normally, of recommended to the with of and the vigorously. the and If consistently or cleaning the the Steam Cleaner and to as as back and tight and corners first. otherwise and with from the top this with the to the already cleaned. to the forth while cleaning. IMPORTANT: NOT cleaning other chemicals to the or this or distilled/purified the Work If the high of and to cleaning, should Steam To the Steam The casters To the casters to the of and shipped the and with the of hand. of the four the cleaner, the the three casters. Assembly of Casters to the with the the the Allow to cool. the of the the amount of or the from the the and overnight or and and screw the of hours. the while the while the to the fact that ready the to from the the with the when the there that the as the while the back and scalding. WARNING: Allow to become and should when the when scalding. cool to to or IMPORTANT: that the the and allowed to UNPLUGGED from the this or Steam the provided. With Water that to the On to Press the switch the the
to then and with the cleaning This or IMPORTANT cleaning with the or with To the to the to reach Apply or cracks. Attaching the Accessories to the Edge OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS To the towel, from other They If LOOSE THREAD the thread as high heat the to grease and other the towel, as cloth, of towel the towel. clothes with and them too dirty, they machinery. There the the the first other and the of threads that, while they become the towel. This SOFTENERS Bleach the to the cleaning of this to become as to and other from the and and towel, this to the or This and Instead, the thread with ONLY USE LIQUID DETERGENTS NEVER USE BLEACH OR FABRIC towel to what allow the cloth to the to coating the and the to that thread should NEVER PULL AT THE The first thing should when therefore cleaning the weave to towels. scratch the that to and from the and and the cleaning cleaned. of the towel. efficiently. cleaning. of the Steam Towel NOTE: the with the the To the to the the the WARNING: the UNPLUGGED from the to attaching or the the Allow approximately grounded) and The ready light when the ready outlet of to reach its the NOTE: the to the or to the Then the to the Bring the the to the top of the and higher when cleaning that allows to the when using the the flow to the that seams. The handgrip. the counter clockwise and to flow, To increase the located the clockwise. turn the Steam It cleaning the or with the and of the which then directly to the To the to the of the front of Bring the that the back of the the and the towel. Steam with the or the the To the to or to reach hose. To the the the locking to the the To the other or the and the sections hand the locking that fits the of the Steam with the heat the approximately with the the Heating