QT. with EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the EURO-PRO LLC If the found to or workmanship, or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of EURO-PRO LLC The of to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or EURO-PRO LLC warranties. The responsibility of to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY EURO-PRO LLC CANADA: QC, H4S 1A7 OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD warranty the and freight to: FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, QC, H4S 1A7 specifications to without the apply to forth the accompanying instructions. and included.* to or to or household US.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KC272CF 120V., OWNERS MANUAL KC272CF purchased of Appliance KC272CF EURO-PRO LLC EURO-PRO LLC USA: QC H4S 1A7 Plattsburgh, NY COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC City Printed
round to 3/4-inch thick) French onion white onion, stuffing or fresh COOKING RECIPES Onion or cord. other SHOCK, the where they pulled WARNING: The this and allow to back the State of California to or CAUTION! the WARNING! TO PREVENT ELECTRIC NOT the from to should least as as the with the them with the as this where heat the countertop or cook directly housing. The and This to and the "On" when and the The rating of the On insulated heat recommended reduce the from becoming and using this known to the that rating of the the such as or heated or other SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS cleaning. or tripped malfunction. its should IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS followed, including the following: SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY first and then the containing or other when of directly heated as this with its shock, the cord, or off and the the This household The of accessory the and the CAUTION! from the or or near or outlet when and EURO-PRO the to LLC examination and malfunctions or heated or when To of from or or other cleaning. Allow to cool To the or or the or counter, or or near with the the to crack. cleaning the instructions or injury. cord. only. and cook or stuffing with or and of the from the to stuffing of seasoning stuffing top of Increase heat to High. Cover the of the and onion Cover and cook to hours or and the layers. and cook the the of the the the and cook or and hours or High hours and finely chopped (optional) or Apple REV. than the other). This WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this If the the the If the to the
first to This to or that attached to the turned the the heating of the the The with using and should heating. PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKER GETTING TO KNOW YOUR cooked shelled and cleaned onions, coarsely chopped and and garlic, minced whole celery,sliced white whole Tbsp COOKING RECIPES and thoroughly. and cook hours or High heat, evenly. to the of the the to the hours. One hour to High and the heat to hours or and cook and and cook high heat to or each ounces) chopped fresh ounces) onion, chopped (I finely chopped or broth uncooked with Tbsp Selector shown) Decrease Increase Stop On Light LCD Lights Housing Technical Specifications from 120V.,
COOKING RECIPES onion, chopped garlic, minced cooking ground PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKER FEATURES OF YOUR together the onion, garlic, and cooking the and off and wing each the the heat each or brown. to the cook to hours or High to the wing to inches from to hours. coated with the with Combine and and cook the unheated of inches from the heat about or the turning once. off and wing each wing to hours or High to hours. Serve with Ranch or to cooker. or bottled Ranch bottled bottled Tbsp These lights flash, the cooking reached. these lights first the selected. TIME INCREASE TEMPERATURE LEVEL INDICATOR LIGHTS The LED the START/STOP BUTTON LED DISPLAY SCREEN twenty-four to Pressing this increase hour the cooking TIME DECREASE hours the cooking hour Pressing this off when the pressed. It This turn (red) when the to the cooking SETTING BUTTON process. The cooking when this the cooking pressed. the POWER ON LIGHT process. Pressing this the cooking that High, or Warm.
lights to light flash. If Once selected the cooking expired, off, the On' light off, and the cleared. process, the of twenty-four hours. The "Count to On light to the then to Warm hours. To the cooking the operation, the hours passed. the and the the hours), the Press the the cooking the counting the to and then Then the the If the the the hours and then off. While the hour Pressing the the and the Warm function, the You hear the the cooking increase the The then off Once this passed, If to the cooking "HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW or once and Warm" that the reached and the If The of the to the to light once and the hour lights the from the WARM". the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS 120V AC other type of USE ONLY and HOUSEHOLD This cooking Allow and the to cool completely cleaning. with food finished as this might of the the meat or housing that meat the of the the cooker when the the cooker. Thaw meat cook with the to first the when reheat foods the the the the to The with- heated protective to or Follow recommended cooking the the to crack. the shock of and the cooking and and thoroughly. or countertop. of foods. cooking AC thoroughly. the First COOKING RECIPES whole, tomatoes, fresh white onion, chopped breasts to garlic, broth Tbsp Tbs onions the of the the breasts top of the onions and then top the with the Cover with and cook hours or hours High chopped onion, back Tbsp and cook and and 4-inch Layers and onion Cover and cook heat to hours or from of cooker with cooking from heat hour.
COOKING RECIPES corn, (optional) chopped onion, onion, finely chopped broth coarsely ground onion garlic Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Football allow the food considerably. the below when using the or within this cooked contained instructions indicating the as easily the amount accordingly. Each this when as the cooking of and increasing the cooking to cook. It to cooking and of the overcook food cooker, however To OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS to which or cracks the the the the the outlet to them. to or to Warning: If the The and the to reheat food. 41F below or the allow the to The to cook the cloth or factors. the cooking Repeatedly the and cover that the from The of the housing of and cool the and cold, to to the and the to the the finished, the lights the cooking You the the to the or injury. and lengthen the and the and and other reference to the food the It amount of the cooking process. completely process. This with the the cooking 5C burns. onion and and cook hour. of the and or hours High and with hours cooked chopped broth, C heat to the Top with onions and These and hours LOW hours Traditional hours LOW hours LOW 1-inch Worcestershire celery onions, garlic, minced broth both the heat and the approximately Each the food should food should cooked with the Amounts the and the the the high or To this, to the of food cooking the reduces the amount. heat, and to cover and cook meat to and meat and to hours or high hours thoroughly Directions:
cooking hours LOW. to Meat and least the onions, meat overnight. the morning, and the and You the the meat or hours beans the the the meat the Thaw and first when the first high then cook the from meat or the cover and cooking and poultry. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the high the or or when High Heat Food together the and the Heat High hours. cranberry High hour and allow to Turn to to Serve directly from the Directions: COOKING RECIPES of cranberry of Spiced Cherry Hours Hours Hours Soup The cooking ONLY should as It recommended that thermometer the food completely cooked. to the to and or hearts, of or fresh Monterey grated garlic light the and or the or containing foods. when the while with DO NOTs cooking high, to tight the normally when foods. If reduce the This and the food that the 2-inch the top of the The should least too the of the The cover of the cooking cover, If cooking or stews, the to high, and this cooking of the without the cover food allowed to should the heat cook the cover occasionally. smooth and creamy. the and thoroughly food the and the artichokes and coarsely chopped. the to the around the of the Stoneware. and heating High the top with Monterey and the Cover and cook High to hours the or the the the cooker without the or foods the chipped or them first. the or microwave. cracked. NEVER Touch with or other the the base, or of scouring when cleaning the the or cleansers or of the cooker. other Cover and cook heat to (or high heat hours to hours or consistency. ounces each) beans, onion, chopped ground Tbsp Traditional
and/or allow the to Then the housing with Press the to the from outlet and Allow to cool completely housing of the cooker To food or thoroughly then the and of the or dishwasher. DO NOT cloth. the cord, scouring to clean the with scouring cleansers or the and from the then with cloth. NOT the the around the or allow to cool. or cleaning. CLEANING MAINTENANCE cool, to scouring to the cleansers or or dishwasher. and and ALWAYS allow the to ALWAYS allow and If to and ALWAYS allow to cool lightly from Allow to cool cleaning. assembly when they allowing and to the and completely cleaning. cleaned with of food. You and allow to and To stubborn, cooked attempting to from foods, the with to cool cleaning. with or Carefully. burns. thoroughly. How to Clean of to to and of the to and burns BUFFET SERVER whenever cooking or and Preheat high or and when they from Warning: the of the the of NEVER to the ALWAYS the and the with the top cooking or These NEVER directly of the the or injury. preheating the the the cover the Uncover and with the and cooker with EMPTY the they cooked food and to food the with food. burns. to the assembly when they with Warning: and the and food. You ARE NOT and to with cooking cooked foods to top or microwave If food too broth or with foods to that the of The or with the of food that foods should or to food while or to to when using the cook and the to Press the covered to and food