OWNERS MANUAL 120V., PC107H EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC USA: QC H4S 1A7 NY
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS PC107H closed operating. This cooks basic should including the following: injury. properly fire the instructions and to To fire, shock cord, or Housing or other EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to: household to the following and EURO-PRO LLC, Plattsburgh, NY EURO-PRO LLC, H9S 1A7 CANADA: U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY covered or touching including and the the with cooking foods that cooking such as or to food when the release the when operation. or counter, or of LLC examination, with or malfunctions or or or the to EURO-PRO or when or or or free of charge. of purchase and to the of including, without and which normally The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC specifications contained to without specifically from warranty. and included. the apply to to or from to LLC cook foods such as and the release or These foods to froth and cranberries, or other peas, without allow the the to with or shortening. this internal reduced. to cover from To or from outlet when and cleaning. Allow the to cool or off and cleaning. fire, The of accessory recommended the shock or to or or or heated this other than and from wear protective, insulated when the release release when releasing cooking To reduce the of this shock, cook only the without the cooking the housing. as they of foods, or the fire or shock. the then the from To the and the cord. containing when or other OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD purchased of City State Appliance EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y., U.S.: to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions PC107H SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS 06/05A Printed Household
of following IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS yellow onion thick SPANISH CHICKEN minced cloves the cool the cover. the cover while the operation. with foods that easily and and the cover from and the cover Serious burns when from allow to the with or cover the release as Press the the switches to the and the (or boneless, breasts, about the the and securely Spanish broth If or used, or should pulled or tripped least as as the rating of the countertop or where grounding-type cord, supply that the rating of the the the becoming or and the should to reduce the from their right. that the connected to outlet the with the the cord. outlet that properly and grounded with with and grounding The as to whether the outlet properly grounded. to reduce the of shock. This This and with or service of shock. the as the should grounding that the WARNING: of the breakdown, grounding of least This grounded. If should malfunction or Please outlet and ordinances. with this WARNING: of Scalding. Please when the cooker. The from this GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS boneless, breasts; cooker following CHICKEN DUMPLINGS broth celery Serve with yellow and broth. and Press the slightly the switches to seasoning the too the or serviceman cord. If that the rating of the should that cord, rating of the the The to or than the grounding and If necessary to OR
COOKING TIME SETTING FOOD Information to of of the Table of RELEASE METHOD VEGETABLES Releasing Steam the Warm of with Combination Corn Beans the from to Cleaning and Troubleshooting BEANS, MEAT, POULTRY, AND FISH amount of with cooking Combination Combination Combination Combination Combination from Combination Beans Combination Beans Combination Combination Shellfish Combination RICE To reduce least of or to to to as the the cooking based the of and to the Combination from to the Combination (Brown) to than to than (White)
beans, cook from heat and overnight, the If to the least of when cooking to reduce New Information with hours. allow cooking pound pound and each of the first pound. steam-roasting and first appearance. Meats Poultry: every A. cook higher increase the cooking Q. What cooking higher increased slightly. To the pressure-cooking, the cooking foot The increases built the below A. cooking of Q. What pressure-cooking? as the increases. The or to cooking sealed that those that or pressure-cooked, cooked bath, such as custards, and cheesecakes. the or release to reduce Clean and thoroughly cooking or cooking and or to reduce foaming and the Since when cooked, uncooked as the cookers capacity allows. cook than the and than the to as A. that such as meat or and Q. What type of SHOULD A. that such as or oil-based NOT Q. What of the the to 212F (100C) The and of Q. What when the cooking other than cooking higher the Q. What the of to higher than top or A. offer food to cook from the the completely with to top of that easily fits allowing inch of around the The this. or, of easy beans and cook with fresh the from the Although to inducing of reduces their effects. pressure-cooking, there the bean from the cooking and Since the from the flesh. release cooked to slightly when releasing allow cooling or To heat or to medium-high heat they when These or should as and foods and and/or should the completed and the cooking the and locking A. The of allow the to cool slightly the expand. the of Heat browning,
to Instructions Cord Release Housing Floating Washer Carry Light Collector Measuring Preset Cover Steamer Heating Plate shown) correctly that the straightened the slightly. the POSSIBLE SOLUTION POSSIBLE CAUSE PROBLEM TROUBLESHOOTING The The floating placed. the the the cover with locked the cover. to cool The Cover off The cover the cover. Steam food and/or to the food the cooking floating the washer. Clean the floating The floating The washer to cleaned. floating NOTE: from 120V., Technical Specifications
the with the cover NOT with the to the the housing. the outer housing of the cooker with cloth. NOT The cooking and them The cooking The release cleaners or cover and with and or the cover dishwasher The to cleaned each become clogged. the to the or other from the floating To NOT and clean with cleaned. The washer to of Instructions To and then the Warm cooking completed. the when this The Warm light to hours. The the Warm This function cooked foods the to tight crack or become with easily cleaning. The fits the cover of the the cover and cooker when the cover locked. The of the to cool completely the cleaning. Light Cleaning The the cooking or to cooked food ready The cooking The to perfectly. You cook fresh the switched The to completed and The to cook or You the operating and other foods that roasts or of this or other whole when The to This light to the Warm cook stews, or Light cooking when the cooking The to this selection. Soup selected. cooking to roasts and sticking to the of the It NOTE: If there If this the should The the of the other and the meat from the service. the dishwasher, WARNING: the Steamer replaced. only. the and from the and the and the Collector of the The buttons to The cooking coated with to Preset the of cooking with clean-up. the cover and of and easy food to the cooking heat and cooking the guesswork of with to The the and the the cooker. The cook or cooking white The cook and fresh
builds, the from around the If reason the function and of Instructions To this features built-in. increase the cover properly closed. If the cover This correctly, with that Closing which from to cook when cooking foods Allowing the to release the cooking and of meat the the the Normal the cover Serious WARNING when burns from of three finished cooking cooker, release the Release, Combination and Normal. Releasing Steam the internal of the to the off. the the increases Thermostat build-up. Steam from the of the cover. completed, the to the cover. the cover from to release that the burned. NOTE: this with foods that easily CAUTION to force the cover the the from the Warm completed, the to the from the cooking the Warm the cover. the cover from to release that the burned. to release the Turn the release to the fast. Release There that the the and terminates the to NOTE: If this This Thermostat to the and service the the released from the cover from high. The the and the cover from the the too This with that the NOTE: Since food food shorter of than corrected, to the think necessary. completed, the to the cooking the from the Warm To serious or burns, and from the CAUTION: release such as and There CAUTION: the release foods with of overflow. Combination If the built to release the the IMPORTANT: the with foods such as froth or when the or other foods that the cool thirty release to the to and then the release the the cover. the cover from to release that the burned.
the release food to and clockwise to and then the the the the cover the Select the that Instructions Instructions to with WARNING: Steam serious injury. with or release the turning the release To the release to release to the the cooking reach to the and dishwasher the dishwasher holding that the crease the cooking with The cover of the washed with or the cooking from the cooking washed The cooking the from the cover and with it the The the the the the with the however, the the the cover the to the first holding or with back dishwasher. Allow dishwasher. the cover. dishwasher. that the light the Warm to and then The cooker hours. The three to know that the Then the to to of cooking process. cooking allow the to release naturally, this and to the Release and counter clockwise to the food that to cook the cover the locking the should turning when the cover the cover The cover the cooking the the cover and the food. the release to the to release the You should of cooking beans the to cooked of the cooking cooking and stews; and the cooking the cooking than one-third when the buttons the the cook automatically, the than two-thirds than when when cooking or which whole of meat. following the selected. released allowing the to or turning the release with the with the the Allow the to cool completely NOTE: This built-in the to the of the food cleaning. to the that selection, the buttons. Once the light of the cooking the grounded-type Choose the the pre-heating and 120V AC Carry Cover cooker finished the cooking finished, release cooking The or to the selection lowest the CAUTION: The cover the to the closed that the three when the when or cooking the the cooking the release the and the cooker. service NOTE: that Once and the of the cover. If or tears. that there release or the the The cover Turn cover clockwise the cover the such as cracks, inspect the the locking with the ready and To the cover: Release Closed