Steam OWNERS MANUAL K4820H 120V., EURO-PRO LLC NY
EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constanly to products, therefore the specifications Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the N.Y. If the found to or workmanship, EURO- or to or RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC N.Y. instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. to cover the of and included.* OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without from to household apply to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY K4820H Appliance purchased of City State Printed K4820H
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS RECIPES or such 14.To the when other than containing this the when or cloth of and/or as or from the or covered Steam should including the following: and allow to and using Steam cord, or of The of accessory when to EURO-PRO or or To shock, the supply when the or instructions, malfunctions or the or other or of or or the or recommended the LLC examination, or counter, or with when cleaning. cleaning. the and allow to cool slightly. the beans top the the beans the the top and the beans the the and the and the the beans coated. the of and preheat the or pound whole ground (optional) Steamed Amandine yellow -inch -inch thick where they pulled children This supply to should least as as the with the the countertop or or cord. reduce the from becoming The rating of the that rating of the or tripped its (13.5A) together and the from the and the the the preheat the the coated. least the of and and or crushed SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household of the with and of the with Thousand the corned Preheat the the the the with or the and the both the Top each with of and about thinly Thousand or thin than the other). This WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this If the the the If to the the 04/04A
RECIPES GETTING TO KNOW YOUR STEAM GRILL and garlic; coarsely chopped the of and preheat the the and the the heat. the and and from the the the brown. from heat and allow to cool. cool, the cover and or Serve immediately with fresh and the and and washed Sea the the from the to hour. the of and preheat the together top the and and the or and heads Steamed Eat garlic Water Steam Steam Steam the from the and with the preheat the the hour; every the of and the the and the nearly the and of the Seasoning. and the the or Seasoning Steam Plates Technical Specifications 120V., Water On Light from
such as countertop. preheating, the and food to cooked the To preheat the the It recommended that to heat to the with of the as other the without and the or with or to to the the with as this outlet and allow the insulated the To the non-stick coating. food the non-stick cool, the this with the the Steam finished using the the non-stick the from the plates them with cooking to the or plates as these burn. high wattage to cool cleaning. the or without countertop. the sections of this and follow the instructions RECIPES Steam OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the the or with clean, cloth, then firm and such as with cloth. This the these the and as as the non-stick plates the ON light the the or other counter. that and cooking as the cool Steam thoroughly when cloth or coating. Preheat the the and about thick. the or to internal of F. It recommended that ground to pound ground Preheat the the thin amount of the top with the the together and season. or to internal of F. ounces grated of choice to ground (thin inch) Preheat the Season the meat as and Preheat the Season the meat as and with Onions onion sliced, 1/2-inch thick pound white ounce top 1/2-inch thick to (thick inch) onions the other. Top the onions with and the the 1/4-inch thick. Top with and onions or them the the from the the Preheat the the of the and the Season the and to the or Chops the the and or cooked as the of the chops. the and season with and Preheat the the with the of and pounds to cloves
that the To the non-stick the cleansers of the If WATER OR ANY OTHER LIQUID. to free Allow to cool thoroughly of heavy with that the grease the and The top scouring or If necessary, the the of the with and with To the from cool that the the GRILL OR POWER CORD IN and free of grease necessary, DO NOT IMMERSE STEAM grease that cleaning. dishwasher with cloth. cleaning. cloth. from Cleaning OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the finished the the food from the finished the when the cooking meat or poultry, or to the the to the the to cook the clear. and cool burns or Then throughout. cleaning. allow to cool completely the and the food as the or fresh with the the the partially cook bone- the to cook enough to allow to If with or the lowering The cooking Food directly To scratching the to cook than food from and only coating the the food the Meats marinated these become about type and thickness of the food and uncooked If cooked, thicker of the the preheat the from the the to of grease that other the of food the cooked. and or thermometer to the To to of food. to the food. that the plates with using the the to the right the to the the to cook. the with that the Turning the to outlet defrosted completely amount of cooking outlet and the choose the amount of the that the If to food, and the or as the food to heat to Turn the allow to If to the the the of the reach of ounces of preheat. inch to Steam Steam Steam the following easy the with The light the plates with amount of the ounces).