and Instructions PC104 EURO-PRO LLC MA
operating instructions instructions this the CAUTION! IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS To reduce the of or to property, follow when this including the following: the without this with when the cook foods such as cranberries, cooking such as and the with the cooking foods that This cooks when to cover internal the release the other than or other peas, and properly the These foods to froth and and the the cooker heated or allow the to instructions cooker containing closed operating. each (MAX) release reduced. or shortening. Encapsulated Thermic heat The the from when Release and closing of Selector internal strength, and easy Release. of the Cool Touch Features: 1101C SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
STANDING TIME RELEASE METHOD COOKING TIME PRESSURE SELECTOR the cooking this chart as when the amount of the cooker and reached. COOKING TIME CHART FOOD first the and lightly the and Lightly the the and the the and least of the with the food. appear the builds Turn to the (I) (II) Turn the heat to high the reaches the and the to the around the of the and this the cooking release the Once the reached its NEVER USE FORCE TO OPEN THE COOKER. NEVER OPEN hear hissing sound. This the heat to the cooking chart as amount of to released from of the dishwasher of the this (III) High. cooking chart to the the from the than two-thirds THE LID TOWARDS YOUR FACE. EXCEPT the the the Please these instructions using the cookware the first USING FOR THE FIRST TIME VEGETABLES Steamer Steamer and precisely III II Whole Beans to C o II II On Corn C o III III III Roasts II Whole EAT, POULTRY AND FISH amount of with cooking C o III II II III Roasts II C o III Shrimps/Prawns C o III III DRIED BEANS of each of beans least of or release only. RICE least of or to reduce White to than than to Shellfish C o C o or other or other beans or other bean
ADDING INGREDIENTS LIQUIDS of of You the cooker to of This includes and PLEASE NOTE The reach the properly closed, the operating selected and It that this instruction and when cooking with cooker. This that might operation and USING YOUR PRESSURE COOKER than cooking foods which or greatly such as peas, or beans, the should To reduce of or to the to lightly with the with and them. the from the of the the first and each DO NOT PLEASE NOTE the the first other type of or This NEVER OVERFILL THE PRESSURE COOKER the OPENING YOUR PRESSURE COOKER To the that the Selector and released. Unlock the the and the CLOSING YOUR PRESSURE COOKER VALVES that freely and closing the the provided, the from the to To the the the and the the THE CHECK ALWAYS
the reached. that immediately of If this the the to appear To the Selector I II or III High. Bring the to high heat. STARTING TO COOK TIMING the amount of indicated the Turn heat off. from Allow the to cool off and the to Release the the when this as or other of the of from and Steaming-Off or the Quick-release front of this when released. Quick-Release Combination RELEASING PRESSURE that the to to and the cold. If pre-heated them to the WHEN THE PRESSURE SELECTOR IS SET AT the as without and with the cover. the cooking the the steaming-off or the to release the from the cooking chart the recommended release the type of food that Once the released, then the reasons, the there whatsoever the force the RELEASING PRESSURE REMOVING THE LID NEVER OPEN THE PRESSURE COOKER WITH THE LID NEVER OPEN THE PRESSURE COOKER ABRUPTLY. NEVER OPEN THE LID TOWARDS YOUR FACE. NEVER FORCE THE LID OPEN. TOWARDS YOU. the and only the cool counter. the from You release the the or to the cooker to the or hissing sound. using the Release This sound and only when this of release. To the of the released, the the and the DO NOT USE QUICK RELEASE METHOD WITH FOODS LIKE LEGUMES, GRAIN OR OTHER FOODS THAT FROTH OR WHEN COOKER IS VERY FULL. of the the each reaching Once turn the to You should momentarily from or of front of the Release the force the
Clean the of the other Either through the dishwasher or hand. scouring or as they scratch the CLEANING AND STORAGE Turn the heat off. Allow the to naturally, then the This recommended frothing foods or foods that greatly such as beans and Turn the heat off. Allow the to cool off and the to the amount of indicated the Release the the Steaming-Off or the Release NATURAL STEAMING OFF Combination the of with of to the from heat, to reduce with and To and The should washed with and rinsed. The and should NEVER the dishwasher. when this as of from and or other of front of this when released. Release the and each with every months. the top of the monthly. The to cleaned each they become clogged. If to of thumb, to Clean the or freely. You release the the or to the or counter. the from the and the cool This sound and only when hissing sound. the release this of release. the cover, the the The cover from the Cleaning the each reaching Once the the the to You should momentarily from or DO NOT USE THIS METHOD WITH FOODS LIKE LEGUMES, GRAIN OR OTHER FOODS THAT FROTH OR WHEN THE PRESSURE COOKER IS VERY FULL. of front of the release the force the
and the cold, to to to the that heating the If the to that the You to the with the already The too and to slightly. TROUBLE SHOOTING The Selector Not Closed the the to and of the The or the clean and There enough the You the to it the with The and there operation. to the or and least of to reach the The closed properly. the closing The of the and should replaced. The and should replaced. reassemble following the instructions. recommended amount of necessary. that If the the of the cooking immediately. Cool the completely and the following: Selector allows the cover to off. the assembly and with NOT the or of the as Allow to and then factory sealed. Assembly counterclockwise. Turn the that it the the the the the and Reassemble this with operation. and Amount of Steam From the Amount of Steam From the This the Water appear. The dirty. Follow the cleaning instructions The and should replaced. The heat too high. Turn the heat. the NOT the with the closed to the the with of
of from cookbook, from the Onion (coarsely chopped) broth Whole Ground chopped chopped chopped Olive created. Heat the with the with the of the and to There the and the completely cooled Press the of the its of the the the and the another and If the locked To If cooling too Release the and then the the TROUBLE SHOOTING COOKING TIPS AND HINTS NEVER FORCE THE LID OPEN! reduce heat and cook pound. Release lightly and and that the to the Heat and heat onion and lightly broth. the with the and to highest (III); and the with and allow to cool easily the the bones and from the and the of releasing instructions) heat without to cooking the of the when that food. chick peas, cooking which cooking or of or when cooking or It foaming. to high heat, to the highest (III), and to the broth. Allow the to to and the of the reduce heat to and cook from heat and Release with and allow to another whole with boneless, breast. as directed then to To cooking with of that when the to III High the Selector cooking two-thirds the High ADAPTING FAVORITE RECIPES
Soup cubed, boneless, breast Onion (coarsely chopped) broth chopped Poultry seasoning chopped celery Olive Soup Onion (coarsely chopped) broth Whole chopped chopped celery Olive and to highest (III) reduce heat and cook Heat and heat onion and lightly broth and the Release and the celery and to the highest (III), reduce heat to and cook Release and Bring to and and or lightly and and that the to the Heat and heat onion and lightly broth. the with the and to highest (III); reduce heat and cook pound. Release and the with and allow to easily the the bones and from the and to and the of the the heat to and cook Release and and to the broth. Allow the to to the highest (III), reduce Bring to and and or
and thick about inch thick light ground finely chopped garlic, minced Chops and Great Northern Bean Soup celery and Coarse ground northern beans onion, chopped chopped and top with and to (II). and chops. Heat medium-low both and towels. off about the and garlic; cook about the and the of the with the back heat to medium-low and cook from heat and allow to releasing and top with the beans and Cover with to (III) from heat and allow to hour. and beans. and cook (II) another the completely and heat heat. and lightly about the and the of the with to the beans and the and cook (II) Release and to that the beans the Cover with and allow to cook If thicker beans and this reduce the gas-inducing of the Beano to the
whole beans garlic, finely minced ground Perfect onion, coarsely chopped ground Worcestershire garlic, minced Round celery heat to high, Bring to (II) and cook garlic, and and seconds to the garlic. beans; to cover with around beans. Increase release and with To fresh beans, increase cooking and corn. cover with cool to highest (III), reduce heat and cook release and corn. ears of fresh corn, and to cover Corn-on-the-Cob Heat to medium-low. about each and and and and with onion and garlic, the back and with to highest (III) and cook Release and to Strain or whole strained and to constantly, reduce heat. To to medium-low. thickened, or and Serve with smashed
cracker heavy whipping cornstarch Than onion, coarsely chopped ground celery, Whole Worcestershire garlic, minced Round cornstarch American cracker and of Generously and of together and and smooth. top with and then completely with top and to of the and to (III), reduce heat and cook release and least hours. and to (II), reduce heat and cook the back and cover with to highest (III) and cook Release and Heat to medium-low. about each and and and with onion and garlic, Release slowly, and gently. Bring to or cornstarch and together, around heat and thickens. the top. to ready to the highest and whisk to hand whisk together cream, and thick. Completely cover top of cooled of and Spiced Whipped of (about and strength) to the to of
bottle brand) shoulder ground or bottle onion Honey white or short-grain bean honey and Cover with and cook and the seasonings and allow to washed to (III). heat to and cook hour Release from and board. bone and from meat; or You the meat as each or meat to Serve Serve with and thinly onion, and medium-high heat, to highest (III). heat and cook Release and the and and and honey. gently. Beat together with the with the and heat or to dishes, top. and or eat Mashed white coarse-ground garlic, whole half-and-half, the or and the cover with and to highest (III) high heat. heat to and cook Release cooked the and half-and-half. the of whip to consistency half-and-half and lowest and and to
allow cooking of meat. the first pound and each pound. steam-roasting and first appearance. cooking cooker: Meats Poultry: chopped each) bottles each) chopped fresh Crushed grated garlic, minced white with cooking and or to reduce foaming and the Since when cooked, to only as uncooked as the cookers allows. cook than the and than the slightly when cooked cooker, to release allow cooling or releasing To heat or to medium-high heat heat Gently garlic, to and together with the and Heat and together and with and and cook release (II). to reduce heat to about and and cook Gently to cover with and together about seconds. and about to If to the overnight, the every beans, cook from heat and hours. Although to pressure-cooking, there the gas-inducing of reduces their effects. the from the and cook with fresh the cooking and the bean from from the least of when cooking beans to reduce pressure-cooked, those that or cooked bath, such as custards, and that easily fits allowing inch of around the The this. the completely with to from the top of the or release to reduce Clean and thoroughly cooking or easy or, of
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of years from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight service or household FIVE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover the from overheating, or to follow instructions included. This warranty This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or and included.* the apply to to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying EURO-PRO LLC, QUEBEC, H4S 1A7 OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY RETURN TO instructions. City purchased of Appliance Printed