Congratulations! You the of the Steam Cleaning To the of please to the and the instructions ready reference. Please the warranty and the HYDRA STEAMER USE CARE INSTRUCTIONS USA: EURO-PRO LLC EURO-PRO LLC NY QC H4S 1A7 SC412 information or
DELUXE HYDRA STEAMER should including the following: instructions Steamer. the its To of shock. of the or other The should OFF or from to from instead, and to allow to the cool completely or the around when from when with or emptying and when the when the This allow to that there the the Follow instruction to release through the the release the and allow to cool to the the when the to allow to the with or or the or other of the or To the of shock, or to the the to EURO-PRO LLC warranty) examination and Incorrect re-assembly or of shock or to when the Steamer used. or the while connected. from touching or when turning the as there the The and burns. the of and/or This household Follow user instructions this chemicals or other than the of chemicals the of chemicals warranty. To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: when Turn off the switch and the when and servicing. allow to as toy. when or near or as this recommended cord, as cord, or around or corners. from heated cords or with carrying capacity. Turn off from cord. To the the cord. or with or without with cool, lighted. the or its when using people, or the or other the from the when the cleaner. aromatic, or products the cleaner, as this or IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS 03/02B
To another the If necessary, should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that pulled or tripped when the connected to supply/electrical WARNING: This with grounded-type This only outlet This If the should to the to the to the of the grounding of the CAUTION: TO PROVIDE CONTINUED PROTECTION AGAINSTRISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, CONNECT TO PROPERLY GROUNDED OUTLETS. NOT FOR SPACE HEATING PURPOSES. DO NOT IMMERSE IN WATER. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
DELUXE HYDRA STEAMER Steam Water On/Off Switch the Steam On Light Water Light Cord Steam Cleaning Unit On/Off Steam Switch SC412
With Unit Technical Specifications 110V Steam PSI) Water Capacity: US Steam 240F Steam Cleaning the attached) Water
Instructions On/Off Switch: The On when the switch the Pushed The when the switch its to the first and then counter clockwise. the instruction the Water the Steam Indicating Light this light On, that the ready to This light On and showing that the Water Light (Red) This light when the the instructions the this light might heating. On/Off Steam Switch this switch to the On the of The On/Off Steam Switch located the the attaching or Starting Steamer CAUTION: the grounded heavy rated ordinary cord. Steam With Water Press and counter clockwise and of turning clockwise to It to This reduces heating the Heater On/Off Switch
Steam With Water Allow to reach its and these reached, the light. The ready to flow the On/Off Switch the using the If the the back At the from the of the This unheated the If the Light On Indicating Water Follow the Instructions Below to the Steam the On/Off Switch to its the On/Off Steam Switch to its On to release the the then the switch to the from the Follow instructions to the Steam as shown the while the first of might A. the this Warning might light the heating. and the hose and approximately to of this B. The as warning. and the lights, release through the Steam Switch to On and allow the to cool. To through
Attaching the to the (with On/Off Steam and to the other To the the other, the and the attachments, the that fits the To this operation pressing the and the The already attached to the the to the and the with its hand. With the the the back of the brush, then the To the from to to the other: the with its hand. Turn the and then the the
white terry cloth this as to the and It following the as the Please that through thin towels. that towels, top of the other used. This that the through and that the sufficiently and as as the to the that the the front and the back of the E) to the Towel the Please that through thin towels. If the as shown white terry cloth towel: the top of the towel. C the other of the as shown C. thick enough towels, please towels. Cloth the the cloth as shown D. Wrapped With Terry Cloth
to the Towel the the around the and the as shown E. the towel, tightly around the This cleaning Apply abundantly, with the and with the cleaning to or cracks. Cleaning This cleaning that to reach. It and and The following to this the the of the cleaning It cleaning the
On To Wate cleaning with when cleaning light to the of The the of the 220F and F. The of the to F of inches from the Warning wrapped around the become enough to burn. that the towel cool off touching white terry cloth towels. Please that through thin towels. If thick enough towels, please towels. of to allow to the around the and the cloth the towel, tightly around the The of using to and cleaned. towels. smear the with and bleach. while the the to released the when using the with Work from the top this the already cleaned. back and forth while cleaning. with the to tight and corners first. as as otherwise and to the
Steam and the with terry cloth attached. the the as the the or with towel. If the the slowly, If to heat or the cleaning with the the the the To areas; corners or tight towel, Work the from the of the stripped, immediately the and with chance to them. back the with the with to To Clean towel around the quickly. This the to allow heat to of enough to its Work with the attached to the with cloth attached ready as Clean the of the with the the and the the the to the and and of that dirty, the and with the the the with terry cloth the to cleaned. painted the with terry cloth attached to or that the that cleaning. The the or the the with terry cloth attached. Clean painted as painted If there heavy the to to isolated where Wall or Normal Wall terry cloth with the to from their through the while cleaning the smooth, Work while cleaning of and Mirrors the and Work with the the top to the with the off to clear the from the To this without leaving from the top to the of the cleaning to or cracks.
or the the to cleaned. The the and grease the Follow with terry cloth the to and polishing to with cleaned. immediately of heat and the with terry cloth and quickly. the with amount of or back it once with terry cloth towel. Notes: from If this the the with towel first to this or or first with or to the too the and to the The If this apply to the with the and of the the and the with terry cloth towel. the the allowing enough the to areas, the without the cloth first to Bathroom To the bathtub or shower the shower tracks, to and heavily areas. The with terry cloth attached the to the of the The to and or allow of the heat to the This helpful the shower there or of and shower with the cleaner. To terry cloth towel or to and To the and To clean the with terry cloth attached to clean and as the home. You should the to leather the with the terry cloth attached. the the the cleaned applying the with the and following with towel. To the To clean the the the without attached to off the and
and and high and becomes light yellow that the consistency of the touched terry cloth the immediately and flows the towel. You from as as the the the of and easily and from the from the This accomplished the the terry cloth to the to catch the as the off the apply to The Steamer that stated This to of what achieved with the Steamer the which to the and It helpful to terry cloth or ready to of and white You the with cleaner. the and the without attached to off the the of to and as or the of dishwasher. the Steamer It and other as as from the and upholstery. immediately the cleaned the to the and The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily cleaned with the the to the and around with the To microwaves or other the and the with terry cloth areas. To counter tops, the with terry cloth attached. heavily areas, the without the terry cloth first to the then follow with terry cloth attached to finish.
SC412 EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The attached Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this Should covered the terms of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to EURO-PRO LLC NY of purchase and and charges included.* The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. States the or of or the apply to This warranty rights which from to PURCHASER_______________________________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE DEALER item to to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Please and within of purchase. The to the discovered. this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC MAIN MILL STREET, DOOR PLATTSBURGH, N.Y. IN CANADA: BOIS FRANC, ST. LAURENT, QUEBEC, H4S 1A7 PURCHASER: ADDRESS: CITY: STATE/PROV.: ZIP/POSTAL CODE. DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL: SERIAL NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: PRINTED IN ITALY LIMITED WARRANTY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD SERIAL SC412