OWNERS MANUAL 120V~, BKG845 EURO-PRO Corporation Service Champlain, NY
EURO-PRO CORPORATION warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO Corporation, Service Champlain, N.Y. If the found to or EURO-PRO workmanship, EURO-PRO or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included.* ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY BKG845 The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the of the or of the option. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO Corporation to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO Corporation or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO CORPORATION, WEST SERVICE RD., CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. Appliance purchased of City State Printed BKG845
when containing or other IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS RECIPES or or or heated other than household using basic should followed, including the following: Chops or To shock, and of this or other and the instructions the and the the and or Preheat the the with the of and the of the chops. the and season with cooked as pounds to charcoal, lighter or INDOOR USE ONLY It with this This this and both inches of the heating to heat insulated It recommended that to counter or from outlet when and or off and cleaning. Allow to cleaning the Corporation examination, or or with the to EURO-PRO or or the warranty. when or near the with toasted and the 1-inch the and the and about toasted where they pulled that with the the or or tripped this the as other high wattage The rating of the the rating of the should least as as its the or other recommended the The of accessory the NEVER the to the of counter or that that the or Preheat the half, through the the thickness as the and the front of the grated and tomatoes. with and the To the from squashed, of Scoop the with or and the and cook or the If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to only to the while the of the counter or SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
cooked 1/4-inch thick or 4-inch RECIPES GETTING TO KNOW YOUR CONTACT GRILL ounces grated Delicious to breasts the the of the and top each with amount and and season. the and cook or of surrounded with the breasts the cooked. the meat the the another or to and with the and the of the with the with internal of F. 2-pound Preheat the the with and season. with about or the cooked. cook. about to Catfish the the and the the top. Preheat the the and chopped about or the cooked. cook. Non-Stick chopped with about Light the the and top each with of and or cooked. cook. about 1-inch thick to Technical Specifications 120V~,
preheating, the with as this the food the and food using the and the to cool, the to the non-stick finished the or the the sounds, the and the with provided. only off. food to cooked the to from the non-stick cooking to and the cool cleaning. non-stick and the sections of this and follow the instructions RECIPES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the or and such as the light these the and as as the or On" function the or counter. the Compact cloth, then with cloth. This the with clean, or other the firm the cool cooking as and that thoroughly when coating. onion, pound to to the Onions Preheat the breasts and or to internal Season as with and seasoned and spices. of F. Preheat the onions of the the and seasoning and the the to the and with the with and cook another Breasts such as the the heat to countertop or showing that the the as other the to the The light this and Turn the to the "STAY ON" To preheat the the the or It recommended that heating. preheat insulated without high wattage the and the breasts immediately and Turn the breasts seasonings. or to of F. Breasts the the preheated and cook Preheat the the and the or and the internal F.
or to internal of F. It recommended the and about thick. the that ground RECIPES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS to ground Cleaning that the the cleansers of the If Allow to cool thoroughly To the that the grease the scouring or If necessary, the the of the with the to and with To the with from cool POWER CORD IN WATER OR DO NOT IMMERSE GRILL OR that the the free of heavy and The and of grease necessary, grease that outlet cleaning. ANY OTHER LIQUID. with cloth. dishwasher cleaning. cloth. from allow to cool completely or fresh with the the the partially cook bone- If with or using The cooking Food directly to cook than food from outlet and food the Meats marinated these become Preheat the as directed If cooked, and uncooked from the of grease that other the of food and thermometer to the To to quickly. of the following easy the thin amount of the top with the the together and season. or to internal of F. ounces grated of choice to ground Preheat the Season the meat as and Preheat the Season the meat as and with Onions (thin inch) (thick inch) onions with and the and cook Season the the 1/4-inch thick. Top with and onions the of the and the onions the other. Top the the and to the or or them the the from the the yellow onion sliced, 1/2-inch thick white ounce top 1/2-inch thick to