OWNERS MANUAL 120V~, KP170E EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications contained Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and N.Y. If the found to or workmanship, EURO- or to or to cover the of and included.* OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without forth the accompanying instructions. from to household apply to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KP170E EURO-PRO LLC NY Appliance purchased of City State RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. Printed KP170E
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS ELECTRONIC GOURMET ICE CREAM MAKER should including the following: Apple Gelatin Honey continuously than If and then while or to the to reduce the of to and of the instructions ICE CREAM MAKER cord, or of To shock, the other than the or other when or the cooled the of the and the the and and cool. to the whisk together the honey and the frequently; from heat. and the about about and the This OFF when the the or the of the the scratch and DO NOT or when the of or counter, or to EURO-PRO malfunctions or or or the LLC examination, or with to the and completrely the and Cover and cool about whisk togethre the and of the frequently, then from heat. the apple-strawberry occasionally, about Non-Dairy Ice Apple-Strawvberry Gelatin its should least as as the The rating of the rating of the with the the countertop or children or tripped that where they pulled other than or and from outlet when cleaning. least inches of operating the of the to allow recommended the or The of accessory or or the cooled the of the and the about SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household with the cover then the the and the cord. To the Chill/Off the from the that the 10/02C This outlet This If the should to the to the to the WARNING: This with grounded-type of the grounding of the
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR ELECTRONIC GOURMET ICE CREAM MAKER Light Cherry the and cover with Allow to hours back the and to cook/ the Combine the light and the and heat heat the and to around the of the the to thicken as the of the to the Then the warmed the the of the Ice the back of the and the the consistency. the and allow to cool completely. and the creamy. the or overnight. Ice LCD Ice Scoop Cord Technical Specifications 120V., Cooling Unit the and cover with Allow to hours or overnight. the while to whisk. the and heat thickened, constantly. the the of the and the the and together whipping to and Allow to cool to the Capacity: the and the of the
Instructions Toasted Chopped Ice First Light that the Ice To performance performance, Ice dishwasher The and to the that there least allow the to from the that The and allow completely to To the of the The to of the to and the If the To the performance the Chill/Off as Scoop TOP RACK inches of free seated the cooling the LOWER RACK of the completely the amount of the Cooling and and dishwasher. each of the which touches cleaners to as these should with and and and the completely NOT Ice the such as the the the Chill function turned off and Attention: Allow least to from the constantly heat around the of the the to of the the the of the and the Combine the light and the heavy and Dough Clock the hour displayed as The clock AM/PM the cool. Clock Heat heavy high heat around the of the from heat. Chip Dough Light Press the C and the flash. Press the the hour 8PM). the properly grounded displayed. Press the Clock and the to flash. the dough. Break the dough and the around to that the dough distributed throughout the the hours further the the of the and the light and heavy Cover and least and Press Clock and clock of the to clock the Press the to the to the
terminated to the the (If the to the allow the become locked, immediately If the the Chill/Off to from to and the the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS as the with than of the Press the and flash. to the displayed(this should include cooling and the with or within inches of of the and Coffee Coffee the another If from the and the and the If the too finished right cover the to the it the hours. the ready, the Chill/Off the assembly from the Press the "Chill/Off" to the ready to the the the cooling Ice and sound and the to the the assembly. cooling performance. assembly to and constantly high heat thickened. and and and and Heat heavy high heat. around the of the from heat. the the of the Ice Cream and the whisk with beaten whisking constantly. the coffee and the Ice There four function the Chill/Off, Clock, DIGITAL CONTROL PANEL completely seated or the assembly the assembly with cook heat the thickens, about Blanch the them and them. the the of the the and to smooth consistency. Allow to cool, then and whipped and the and the (shelled) Cream, Whipped To the clock, the Press to the or the the "hour" to the the to accordingly. The LCD shows the and then the to and then to the hour. To finished Clock: Chill/Off Press to the "Chill" or to the the To the the To Tea Tea Light Water of the with the and then this to the the Combine the and and cook heat, the the the the of the and the the light and the heavy and
QUICK USE INSTRUCTIONS Pureed Slightly of There four function buttons the Chill/Off, Clock, the of the and the and the the Combine the pureed to smooth the amount of the to the cook, constantly, thickened. and cook amount of the the slightly beaten the cook constantly cool. Combine and Ice NOT cleaners or as the of the and of the the to and become Cleaning Instructions NOT the Unit, or or other the LOWER RACK dishwasher The The and Scoop TOP RACK of the dishwasher. the top of whisk the and heat, constantly smooth. the and heat completely from heat and cool. the light and to the whipping and the and and whisking completely about the the and the the of the and the NOT to the There serviceable To clean other with cloth and with clean, cloth.