OWNER'S MANUAL KP160H PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications Please and the within of purchase. EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and to EURO-PRO LLC, Champlain, The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which The to the of this acknowledge to and the NY If the found to or workmanship, EURO- or to or instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. to the of and included.* OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without from to household apply to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KP160H Canister 120V, RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, NY EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY Appliance purchased of City State Printed KP160H
Coffee/Amaretto Tbsp. Coffee Half-and-half IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS clean with scouring or such as hotplate or the or the to or the that the indicated clothing, operation to reduce the of scratch and the the THE FREEZER CANISTER! C). washed and thoroughly and the OBJECTS OR UTENSILS INSIDE when the DO NOT USE SHARP the plate matches with of this of the The should and other when the to and to the dishwasher. should followed, including the following: of To and The of accessory its or or when To fire, shock malfunctions or to EURO-PRO with and injury, from when or mechanical or off or or or the instructions shock or injury. with or counter or recommended the fire, LLC examination, or and cleaning. from other of the the and the of the batch. the and half, coffee, and to the the heavy Garnish with coffee as directed. about the and to the the and the to the the and as directed. Beat the together with the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Fresh Ice from or cord. with however the rating should least as great.as the This HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY user-serviceable rating of the The should allowed to to service this the or other supply to reduce the the counter or where pulled children or tripped WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the POLARIZED PLUG the 02/03C
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR GEL CANISTER ICE CREAM MAKER the the the Uncooked the when The higher the of least below the that the to pre-cooked. You This allow the fresh the and You type the and of the type of that the increase the when the that the of coffee or light If to to the least that the top of the as the the to completely of that the and or about that The to the and This increase the to heavy covered. to the the whipping and and the the the process. the process. together. the than too the amount of the of of the and/or type of or that completely when the than that with the enough; the that If that the too You such as greatly the to heat the please that the of the reasons whipped or to that required. If the If that the cooled. too the of the thoroughly that or Please though that heat the heating and instead of wish. affects the of the correct. the of Unit the Canister Release Technical Specifications 120V., On/Off Unit Capacity: The the toxic You of as household
than thirty when the becomes the to or from the the cover with the the of the should the to the To further the from the To overheating the completely the of the rotation too thick. If the of the or You Turn the off. airtight them through the started, To the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions cover clockwise slightly that the the locking the with the the that the from the of If the of the to increase when the should of to to this amount. and through cover with to without the process. The through cover allows to The allows The these insulated the thorough and throughout to the to insulated that the On/Off The the of To the the the the cover. of the the the chart the the head each of the which touches should with cleaners to as these and the and and clean with cloth. NOT dishwasher. the such as the completely NOT and off the the first first. Then the the and the release and the the the release with the the completely the that To the from To the and arrow the Then the together. The washed with then thoroughly. Cleaning Ice the right This the from the the the and through the the the the the and then the the completely The The Canister Ice every To upright the of To properly should hear that the resealable insulated crystals from the The of to properly the that within the resealable and when the Canister NOT dishwasher. or cleansers to the NOT scouring The cleaned with cloth. the or other immediately as the It that the of the as the to thaw once it consistency. the or the reaches the and the from from the the the completely the that the APPROX. FREEZING TIME FREEZER TEMP or C C C Hours C FREEZING GUIDE