KP160H, KP160HV, KP160HC, KP160HS 120V, OWNER'S MANUAL Canister EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR GEL CANISTER ICE CREAM MAKER IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS with scouring or such as hotplate or or the the to or the clothing, that the indicated operation to reduce the of scratch and the the THE FREEZER CANISTER! Sharp C). and thoroughly OBJECTS OR UTENSILS INSIDE and the the matches with when the DO NOT USE SHARP of this of the and other The should when the to and to the dishwasher. should of To and The of accessory its or or when To fire, shock malfunctions or and injury, with from outlet when or off or to EURO-PRO examination, or or or or the shock or injury. instructions or counter or with the fire, followed, including the following: mechanical and cleaning. from other Canister Release Technical Specifications 120V., Capacity: On/Off Unit Cover from or cord. with however the rating should least as great.as the rating of the The should to This HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY user-serviceable to service this the or other supply to reduce the the counter or where or tripped WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the POLARIZED PLUG the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS 03/04C
than thirty them through the the when the becomes to or from the the cover with the the of should the the rotation to the To further the To overheating the from the completely the of the rotation too thick. If the of the or You started, To the Turn the off. airtight OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS cover clockwise slightly that the the locking the the from the with the cover the that of If the of the to increase when the should of to to this amount. Instructions and through cover with to without the process. The through cover allows to insulated The allows The these colder insulated the thorough and throughout to the to that the On/Off The the of To the the the the cover. of the the the chart the cover the and wiped completely head wiped with cloth. NOT and the Cream NOT cleaners to clean as should washed with and touches the such as the these and each of the which dishwasher. off the NOT dishwasher. or cleansers to the The washed the first first. Then the the release and the the the release with the the the the and the completely the that To the from NOT scouring cloth. the with To the and The cleaned with and The washed with completely the arrow the canister. Then then thoroughly. then thoroughly. that the or other the together. Cleaning the right This the from the the the outlet and through the the the the the and then the the that the resealable To that the The of properly the when should hear within to properly the every To crystals from completely The Canister insulated The resealable and it upright the of features FREEZING GUIDE the Canister immediately as the It that the of the as the approximately to thaw once consistency. the or the reaches the and the from from the APPROX. FREEZING TIME FREEZER TEMP or C C C C
Coffee/Amaretto Coffee Tbsp. Half-and-half too the amount of the than the of or that completely of the and/or type of when the the than that If that You that with enough; the the too greatly the to heat the such as please that the of the reasons whipped or to that required. If the If that the cooled. too the of the thoroughly or that the heating and Please though that heat affects the of the instead of wish. correct. the the the the the Uncooked the when The higher the of that least below the the to pre-cooked. You This allow the fresh the and You type type of that the and of the the increase the of coffee or light when the that the top of the as the If to to the least the that the or about to cool completely of that the and that The to the and to This increase the heavy the covered. to the whipping and and the the the process. the together. the and half, coffee, of the the and the of to the the heavy the batch. Garnish with coffee beans. as directed. and about the and to the the and the to the strawberry the and as directed. Beat the together with the of Unit The the toxic You of as household
EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer Service or If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the and to the of and included.* or to or instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without from to household apply to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, QC, H4S 1A7 Appliance purchased of City KP160H: KP160HV KP160HC: KP160HS Printed