OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1042 QC H4S 1A7 Plattsburgh, NY U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight household to the following and EURO-PRO LLC, NY EURO-PRO LLC QC H4S 1A7 U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1042 IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and assembly other than as indicated recommended the the the with The of accessory or properly assembled to the of the counter or using should or or heated only the and containing or other the when household the instructions.) while followed, including the following: To shock, or or other instructions or or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC contained to without and included. the apply to to or from to LLC when or or or warranty.) assembled and to with the to EURO-PRO or or the malfunctions, LLC examination, the or off from outlet when and cleaning. Allow to and cleaning the another high wattage the the or the and to allow the to To the SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS cord. from becoming or the the to to reduce the (or cord) recommended with with fryers. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions EURO-PRO LLC QC H4S 1A7 If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to outlet only to the City purchased of Appliance Printed REV. 11/05A F1042 SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
Cord Cool Touch Bracket Compartment Cover Cover Light GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER Frying preheated to as with of Press to plastic.Combine onion, and with should the or from the with or brown. To of from cooking of seasoned toothpicks. with beaten Then Chill Preheat to 360F. breast of of least hour or Pound with to to inch thick. with ease, RECIPES whole boneless, breasts chopped onion preheated should already lowered) Turn once to and cook Preheat to 375F. together cornmeal, and (or Combine and to and or food (or chopped onion cornmeal Preheat to 375F. from each and to doughnuts. Fry turning once or from and or food slightly with of hand. Punch of each with doughnut of and Serve count of ground Technical Specifications from Capacity: 120V., and You to doughnut of consistency.
of cooking chopped RECIPES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS lightly beaten Apple the the the the together to the of To the to the Press together the from the cover NOT function properly and to the the and cover the and cover completely with or completely otherwise the of the with DO NOT the thoroughly. the to cloth and thoroughly trapped within the Warning: the cover. the Combine cooking and Combine and Preheat to 375F. Combine and from and with or of Fry or and should lowered to thoroughly. and from with of and Serve or each the the the the and and together. and the to the or (rapeseed) or The the With with to specified Warning: the attaching when the empty. the when reach of the cover and (lock) the the The top of the the cord. the THIS SIDE UP heat the of the attaching correctly. the Assembling breasts (optional) or (optional) with then or the and to the Beat to Preheat to 360F. Beat with or and whites. or breasts to lightly Fry to thickness) or and should already lowered Fry to or hours. ready to beaten cooked. ground or seasoning(optional) (optional) to seasoned the should to shortening the Warning: It NOT RECOMMENDED first and then the If shortening, from the and shortening which and Previously or the the cooking the the cooking MIN and MAX the of the the the This Preheat to 360F. Combine and seasonings, or Frying preheated Fry to or seasoned and then and cooked. MAX
mount. the back the food the the the heated and the cover. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS CLEANING INSTRUCTIONS below through the top of Therefore the following the the from Heat lowest If try to the the there of securely closed while If the cold, there of the Clean the cover and with cloth or necessary. The NOT cover. The should when the the cover. and thoroughly. To the type of or to the to the or cleaning the or other cord, or cleaning. the completely hours) OFF and the from the cleaning. Allow the and the to cool Warning: Cleaning Instructions mount or cooking the cover from to allow to the and the mount to allow the food to the cover completely. of the reach of the the the The light off cooking reaches the To the cover, from and the as the from to allow to the the Turn the to the light empty. the Then the cover The light the and the cover when the the cover completely. the selected heat The washed of the instructions this with to the cover. the dishwasher. the the cover the NEVER the the from the cover the, with the cover thoroughly cord, or the the the top of the dishwasher. cloth and with cloth with Please and follow or other the dishwasher. dishwasher. its to the as or and CAREFULLY the food and covered with the food from the the while or to or please service or Compartment food to cooked. and the the when or the cooking the off, and allow hours attempting to the to approximately the or clean the the as they the food from the from the first. Disconnect the fire, shock or to the the with the Warning: the of other the
OPERATION INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS thickness of The following cooking the to cooking and the Please that to The and higher foods, and foods F, the and or the the and Turn the counter- or the with mount and allow the food to too to the the from the through the of the cover while the cover from completely (approximately and to allow to the Once the from the cleaning or and the food the It to clockwise to the the cool the cover while completely. Warning: This should below the MAX when when the with food. It Warning: "MAX" recommended that food the to with of the and of It NOT to supply cord. This This to the the to from or pulled or specifically the the that the Break Cord Food and shorter should food cooking the recommended when the when Warning: To or burns, the the they the food the The of or the cover or the food the To the the instructions the THIS SIDE UP the the Onion Apple and each reused. to the than food with or Thicker to cook. To the to food with (such as to to To cook evenly, should the poultry, meat and should that the food to foaming when heated or when becomes or when or and regularly. from food as as or or becomes and thickness. necessary. months. Frying Food Frying with the overflowing the to food. light indicating the food to to the the food and Lowering the too from the Warning: food to the the cover the such as should the MAX the Clean off from foods to when food the pre-heated, the and the reached. burns. outlet to user should immediately the while to permanently the Warning: o to from the the back to the If the should of the from the operation, the the with the to the THIS SIDE UP the the than and each to hours) to or and the cooled the through The to to To the first the or bottle. To that high from the and foods such as poultry, or other cooled and then the the with the each or the months. To or