OWNER'S MANUAL 120V~, KP160E Ice Canister EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR GEL CANISTER ICE CREAM MAKER IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS with scouring or such as hotplate or or the the to or the clothing, that the indicated operation to reduce the of scratch and the the THE FREEZER CANISTER! C). washed and thoroughly OBJECTS OR UTENSILS INSIDE and the the matches with when the DO NOT USE SHARP of this of the and other The should when the to and to the dishwasher. using should of To and The of accessory its or or when To fire, shock malfunctions or to EURO-PRO and injury, with from when or mechanical or off or or or the shock or injury. instructions or counter or with recommended the fire, followed, including the following: LLC examination, or and cleaning. from other Canister Release Technical Specifications 120V., Capacity: On/Off Unit from or cord. with however the rating should least as great.as the rating of the The should allowed to This HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY user-serviceable to service this the or other supply to reduce the the counter or where pulled children or tripped SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This If the the the If to the POLARIZED PLUG the 03/03D
than thirty them through the the when the becomes to or from the the with the the of should the the to change, the To further the To overheating the from the completely the of the too thick. If the of the only or You started, To the Turn the off. airtight OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS cover clockwise slightly that the the locking the the from the with the cover the that of If using the of the to increase when the should of to to this amount. Instructions and insulated The these insulated the thorough and throughout through cover with to without the The through cover allows to The allows to the to that the On/Off The the of To the the the the cover. of the the the chart the cover the and completely head with cloth. NOT and the Ice NOT cleaners to as should washed with and touches the such as the these and each of the which dishwasher. First off the NOT dishwasher. or cleansers to the The washed the first first. Then the the release and the the the release with the the the the and the completely the that To the from NOT scouring cloth. the with To the and The cleaned with completely the arrow the Then then thoroughly. that the or other the together. Cleaning the right This the from the the the outlet and through the the the the the and then the the that the To that the canister. The of to properly properly should hear and upright the completely resealable of To crystals from the The Canister Ice The insulated within the when the Canister immediately as the It that the of the as the approximately to thaw once consistency. the or the reaches the and the from from the APPROX. FREEZING TIME FREEZER TEMP or C Hours C Hours C C FREEZING GUIDE
Coffee/Amaretto Ice Coffee Tbsp. Half-and-half too the amount of the of of the and/or type of that If that the too greatly the please that the of the If that the the to pre-cooked. You This allow the that the the least to completely and the and half, coffee, of the the and the of to the the heavy the batch. Garnish with coffee beans. as directed. and Ice about or that completely You that to heat the to that that the cooled. thoroughly the heating and Please though that heat affects the of the instead of wish. the the the the The higher the of and You type type of that the and of the the of coffee or light of that the and that heavy whipping and the the the Uncooked the when the to the and This increase the the and to the the and the to the strawberry the and as directed. Beat the together with the the than the enough; the reasons required. If the too the of the or correct. when with such as whipped or the than of Unit that fresh the that the The to covered. to the least below the increase the top of the as the the process. The the toxic You of as household when the If to to or about the process.
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer Service or ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KP160E If the found to or workmanship, EURO- PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without Printed