OWNERS MANUAL 120V., KP170H EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the Please and the within of. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD specifications to without the apply to accompanying instructions. or household to included.* ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KP170H Ice Appliance RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC N.Y. KP170H EURO-PRO LLC NY purchased of City State Printed
Non-Dairy Cream Apple Gelatin Honey IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS continuously than If and the while the and then or other than the of the or to the to reduce the of to This OFF when the the Sharp scratch and DO NOT or when the and of the ELECTRONIC ICE CREAM MAKER should including the following: or and of least inches of instructions with the cover cord, or of button., then the operating the the from the of the to necessary when that the the and the cord. to EURO-PRO To shock, malfunctions or from outlet when recommended the the other than the or The of or or the or allow To the Chill/Off or or counter, or LLC examination, or with ICE CREAM MAKER or other or cleaning. the and and cool. whisk together the honey and the and the the cooled the of the to the about frequently; from heat. and the about to the and completrely the and and cool about the apple-strawberry whisk togethre the and of the frequently, then from heat. the cooled the of the occasionally, about Ice and the Non-Dairy Apple-Strawvberry Gelatin should least as as the with the the or The rating of the or tripped that rating of the where they pulled its about SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household This outlet This If the should to the to the to the WARNING: This with grounded-type of the grounding of the 03/03C
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR ELECTRONIC ICE CREAM MAKER Light Cherry Ice the and cover with Allow to hours the the of the back the and to cook/ the Combine the light and the and heat heat the and to around the of the the to thicken as the of the to the Then the the back of the and the the consistency. the and allow to cool completely. creamy. and the the or overnight. Ice LCD Ice Scoop Cord Technical Specifications Ice 120V., Cooling Unit the the of the Cream the and with Allow to hours the while to whisk. back the the and the of the process. and heat thickened, constantly. Whisk the and together whipping to and Allow to cool to the and the or overnight. Capacity:
Toasted Chopped Light Ice the amount of that the To performance performance, dishwasher The and to the that there least Ice allow the to from the that The and Ice allow completely to To the of the The to of the to and the If the To the performance the Chill/Off as Scoop TOP RACK inches of free seated the cooling the LOWER RACK of the completely and the Cooling and dishwasher. Instructions each of the which touches cleaners to as these should washed with and and Scoop, and the completely NOT the such as the the the Chill function turned off and Attention: Allow least to from the First the the of the constantly heat around the of the to of the Combine the light and the heavy and the cool. and the the Clock the hour as The clock AM/PM Clock the the of the Ice the dough. Break the and around to that the dough distributed throughout the hours further Heat heavy high heat light and heavy around the of the from heat. and least and clusters the and the the Chip Dough Light Dough Press Clock and clock Press the C and the of change, the to clock the Press the the Press the to the to the the properly grounded Press the Clock and the hour 8PM). displayed. to flash. flash.
the Ice another If from the and the terminated to the allow the become locked, immediately and it the If the If the too the ready, the assembly from the Chill/Off the (If the the Chill/Off to from finished right cover the to the to and the the to the the the hours. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS as the Press the "Chill/Off" to the Press the and ready to the the the cooling and the sound and the with or within inches of cooling performance. flash. to the with than of displayed(this should include assembly cooling and the to the the assembly. of the and Coffee Coffee to and constantly the the of the Ice and and and Heat heavy high heat. whisk with beaten whisking constantly. around the of the from heat. high heat thickened. the coffee and the and the and There four function buttons the Chill/Off, Clock, DIGITAL CONTROL PANEL completely seated or the assembly the assembly with the the of the cook heat the thickens, about Blanch the them and them. the and to smooth consistency. Allow to cool, then and whipped and the and the (shelled) Cream, Whipped To the clock, the Press to the or the the "hour" to the the to accordingly. The LCD shows the and then the to and then to the To finished Clock: Chill/Off Press to the "Chill" To the or to the the the To Tea Light Water Tea of the with the the the of the and then this to the the Combine the and and cook heat, the the the light and the heavy and and the
Pureed Slightly of Ice There four function buttons the Chill/Off, Clock, QUICK USE INSTRUCTIONS to smooth the and the the amount of the the slightly beaten amount of the to the cook, constantly, thickened. Cover and cook Combine the pureed whipping the cook constantly cool. the of the and the Combine and NOT cleaners or as the NOT to the There of the and of the the to and serviceable become Cleaning Instructions To other NOT the Unit, or or with cloth and Ice the LOWER RACK dishwasher The The and Scoop TOP with clean, cloth. RACK of the dishwasher. other the top of whisk the the the of the the light and to and heat, constantly smooth. the the whipping and the and the the and and whisking completely about and heat completely from heat and cool. and the