KP160H, KP160HV, KP160HC, KP160HS OWNER'S MANUAL EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and to EURO-PRO LLC NY If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications contained Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the or to or instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without from to household apply to included.* ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY Canister 120V, RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, NY EURO-PRO LLC NY Appliance purchased of City State KP160H: KP160HV KP160HC: KP160HS Printed
Coffee/Amaretto Tbsp. Coffee Half-and-half IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS with scouring or such as hotplate or the or the to or the that the indicated clothing, to reduce the of scratch and the the THE FREEZER CANISTER! C). washed and thoroughly and the OBJECTS OR UTENSILS INSIDE when the DO NOT USE SHARP the plate matches with of this of the The should and other when the to and to the dishwasher. basic should including the following: of To and The of accessory its or or when To fire, shock malfunctions or with and injury, from outlet when near or off or to EURO-PRO examination, or or or or the instructions shock or with or counter or recommended the fire, mechanical and cleaning. from other of the the and the of the batch. the and half, coffee, and to the the heavy Garnish with coffee beans. as directed. about the and to the the and the to the strawberry the and as directed. Beat the together with the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Fresh Strawberry Ice from or cord. with however the rating should least as great.as the This HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY user-serviceable rating of the The should allowed to to service this the or other supply to reduce the the counter or where pulled children or tripped WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the POLARIZED PLUG the 03/04B
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR GEL CANISTER ICE CREAM MAKER the than too the amount of the of of the and/or type of or that completely when the than that with the enough; the that If that the too it You such as greatly the to heat the please that the of the reasons whipped or to that required. If the If that the cooled. too the of the thoroughly that or Please though that heat the heating and instead of wish. affects the of the correct. the of Unit the the the the Uncooked the when The higher the of least below the that the to pre-cooked. You This allow the fresh the and You type the and of the type of that the increase the when the that the of coffee or light If to to the least that the top of the as the the to cool completely of that the and or about that The to the and This increase the to heavy covered. to the the whipping and and the the the process. the process. together. Canister Release Technical Specifications 120V., On/Off Unit Cover Capacity: The the toxic You of as household
than thirty when the becomes the to or from the the cover with the the of the should the to change, the To further the from the To overheating the completely prepared. the of the too thick. If the of the or You Turn the off. airtight them through the started, To the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions cover clockwise slightly that the the locking the with the cover the that the from the of If the of the to increase when the should of to to this amount. and through cover with to without the process. The through cover allows to The allows The these colder insulated the thorough and throughout to the to insulated that the On/Off The the of To the the the the cover. of the the the chart the cover the head each of the which touches should washed with cleaners to as these and the Ice and and wiped with cloth. NOT dishwasher. the such as the wiped completely NOT and First off the the first first. Then the the and the release and the the the release with the the completely the that To the from To the and arrow the Then the together. The washed with then thoroughly. Cleaning the right This the from the the the and through the the the the the and then the the completely The The Canister Ice To upright the of To properly should hear that the insulated crystals from the The of to properly the that within the and when the Canister NOT dishwasher. or cleansers to clean the NOT scouring The cleaned with cloth. the or other immediately as the It that the of the as the to thaw once consistency. the or the reaches the and the from from the the the completely the it that the and The washed with then thoroughly. APPROX. FREEZING TIME FREEZER TEMP Hours or C C C C FREEZING GUIDE