EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within household to the following and the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 Can.: U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1068 OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1068 or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC specifications to without the apply to and included. to or to LLC of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD City purchased of Appliance RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 F1068 QC H4S 1A7 Plattsburgh, NY U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC Printed
You the to the function located the front with The heating off when the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT The of accessory then to allow another high properly assembled the of release the the with IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS first, then the or or when containing the and heating the from outlet then the as indicated other than the first To to cool completely or heated the with assembly instructions. to the and SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the to To should recommended the only the and the counter or household heating or other the heating the the while including the following: instructions and from when and or off and LLC examination, the the heating the the of the and To shock, the when cleaning. Allow to or with the to EURO-PRO or or the or other malfunctions, and of this or or warranty. cleaning the the or Once the achieved, the ready light This the to and the ready light. Once the ready light Once the the off and the to cool If to another the function The allows to the each then the If would to the continuously batches, the the the ready light and supply to the reduce the from becoming the of the with cord) recommended or cord. (or the heating the with fryers. WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the POLARIZED PLUG SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
Instructions the to First Clean the Unit Thoroughly the With CONTENTS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the or the washed cover and washed the Allow the and the to the from the cleaning. or or Follow the cleaning instructions Clean the with cleaning. the The or or other The of the the First completely hours) the dishwasher. other dishwasher. cloth. Warning: Cleaning Instructions Connecting the The of the supply supply permanently attached to the the and to Break from the the cord. This supply that the supply that with the If the of the the To the the with This the to the of the and pulled. This to the the the The specifically of Cord the Its the Pre-Heating the Frying Frying Food At the of Frying and the Connecting the Cord Cleaning Instructions to the switch disconnected. To the the follow the If reason the heating, the reason might that the instructions below: The to located the back of the the thermostat that Should the become from the the from the Turn off the the the to the Turn the back to to: the of the the dishwasher. To the RESET
foods and higher foods, french and The following cooking the to The cooking and thickness of Food OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER Mushrooms Onion Apple each cooled and then the from the the with the the another and the cooled cleaning each the to the To the first the The to as meat or food containing of (such tainted rather when and the and to and than months. the through or or the or bottle. the Ready Light Light Decorative Plate Plate Frying Function Plate Heating Foot Technical Specifications from 120V.,
Warning: "MAX" when to within the function properly and Warning: the to the the or completely with Warning: completely otherwise the or other the with food. the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: the the or with heating the Warning: This should when the to the First Warning: the cool or the with the cover and to cleaning or the from the it the Press the to the the cover completely. Once the from the completely hours) the and allow the food to the the allow to off and the food off. At the of the when The approximately the from the the higher than the the MAX the Warning: foods, the food the and MAX the with and shorter of food capacity. It and burns. food. the they burns, Warning: to or the Frying Warning: the with to specified heating the the securely the and the the completely hours cleaning, the cleaning. or the with Warning: the cool the with with the of the to the of its the thoroughly holding the of the with the the the to the or other and Clean the and the from the with while the of the securely attached to the the with heating the the other hand. to Clean the Unit Thoroughly Frying and together. The or the or the each NOT MAX cooking the and the and to to the Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the each that the food to foaming when heated or when becomes or when or and regularly. when food meat and containing of (such as from food as as to and or or becomes than months. and thickness. together. as french should or Clean off from food to to foods such to when food the overflowing through the of the while the the Lowering the too Warning: the cover light indicating too to the the to the pre-heated, ready the cover It to that the the while and reached. food. Frying Food MAX the slightly, then to allow to the completely. from to burns caused
the that If to please the and the the ready light The to the the If to from the reached, and the the the the the that the The the the The to If function the Function If the The MAX If to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the and Its Warning: the Press the The and the displays instructions The and the light the the Its showing that the the with the the The should the the when The the cover. heating. Pre-Heating the switch that the the the Notice: The correctly. the should from the and shortening which and Previously If using shortening, the the first and then Warning: shortening the or the Heating Switch Edges "Function" and the the securely closed while Press the to the below through the top of Warning: If to the from the there of Therefore only the following If the cold, there of the securely This with the switch to the from turning the the correctly to the otherwise Warning: the with to specified the function. This the and the heating the the Heating its the the the mounted the the with the with heating the the of Ready Light Light (red) Function