OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1052 QC H4S 1A7 NY U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the household to the following and warranty the and freight to: EURO-PRO LLC, NY EURO-PRO LLC QC H4S 1A7 U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1052 from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which item to to include of and phone with purchase information, and what CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from purchase and to to item with the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION authorized EURO-PRO LLC to without the apply to to or from to and included. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY City purchased of Appliance to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions EURO-PRO LLC QC H4S 1A7 F1052 Printed
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and assembly heating the other than recommended the the To The of accessory or properly assembled to the from outlet then the to cool completely of the counter or first, then the or or heated should the heating containing or other the when household instructions.) while including the following: To shock, when or or warranty.) assembled and to with or or the to EURO-PRO instructions as indicated or off from outlet when the with and cleaning. Allow to cool or or the and cleaning the malfunctions, or near LLC examination, the and or the the other the the or and washed the Allow the and the to cool from the cleaning. or or the Clean the with cleaning. the The or or other The of the completely hours) Follow the cleaning instructions. the dishwasher. to First other dishwasher. cloth. Warning: Cleaning Instructions Cord OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS pulled. This to To the to the of the and the the the from the Break from the the Turn off the the the the become from the specifically with the The If The of the IMPORTANT: Should the the that supply cord. This the to the with supply permanently attached to the of the to the the EURO-PRO incorporated Turn the back to that the supply of SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS If reason the heating, the reason might that the switch tripped. To the the follow the instructions below: the of the the dishwasher. The to located the back of the with the back of the thermostat that How To the another high wattage the the or the and to allow the to To the If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to only to the cord. from becoming or the the to (or cord) to reduce the recommended with with fryers. REV. 02/06A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
foods and higher foods, and The following cooking the to to the MAX The cooking and thickness of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER Heating (Housing) Food French Onion Frying Light Light Light Light Frying Apple each cooled and then the from the the with the the another and the cooled cleaning each the to the The to as poultry, or food containing of (such To the first the rather when and the and to and than months. the through strainer or or the or bottle. The Select Select LED Technical Specifications from 120V.,
the the Warning: the completely otherwise the completely with or function properly and to to Warning: "MAX" within the Warning: or other when the with food. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: This should when the the Warning: the with heating the or to the First Warning: the cool or the with the cover and to cleaning or the the from the Once the from the completely (approximately hours) the the cover completely. and allow the food to Press the and the the the allow to off and the food off. At the of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the they burns, Warning: to or the from the the when the higher than the food to to below the MAX when when the with food. It the food the should MAX the with to when and and shorter recommended that food the "MAX" food. Clean off from with food and foods, the food Warning: food. burns. the Frying or the the securely the and the together. and heating the the with to specified the and the Warning: the each the to the and The or the to the or other the of its the with cleaning. or the the holding the of the with the to the the washed Clean the and the cleaning, the with the of from the with while completely hours with securely attached to the the of the Warning: the cool thoroughly the with heating and the the other hand. the To First Clean The Unit Thoroughly Frying or and to to the Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the each that the food to regularly. when food meat and containing of (such as from food foaming when heated, when as as becomes when to and than months. or becomes and thickness. together. light too the the to the the cover through the of the while It to the pre-heated, the the Lowering the overflowing and the flashing and food. Frying Food Press together too to the cover the slightly, then to allow to the completely. from to Warning: the burns caused while
of The If the to They F, F, NOTE: It recommended that allow The light flashing and when the selected that with and F. Each The the to reach the count from selected light flash. If to or the The please to the the The MAX as as this four to the off. reached. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The LED flash OF. the LED as The reached the Warning: the to displayed Press the The light the the Then the light flashing and and the the the the with the the The should instructions.) the when the cover. heating. Pre-Heating OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Edges Press to off when If shortening, from Warning: If to the the the securely to the to the the the should Warning: shortening first and then closed while the Press the the there of below through the top of from the and If the cold, Therefore only the following there of splashing. shortening which and the or the Previously of F. The the This with switch to the from turning correctly to the otherwise the Warning: the with to specified heating the the the function. This securely the and the the Heating Switch the Heating its the With Select Select LED Light Light Light Light the the with heating the the switch that the the the Notice The the the mounted the the correctly. of