Professional and Instructions F1063 QC H4S 1A7 Plattsburgh, NY EURO-PRO Corporation EURO-PRO Corporation USA: information or
EURO-PRO CORPORATION warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within household to the following and the warranty the and freight to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EURO-PRO Corporation, NY F1063 or free of charge. of purchase and to the of If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO and included. The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO Corporation or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from its which authorized EURO-PRO the apply to to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD purchased of City State Appliance RETURN TO EURO-PRO CORPORATION, Plattsburgh, NY F1063 Printed
The of accessory properly assembled that correctly the of first, then the assembled and IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS when containing heating the or or from then the other than To to cool completely or heated assembly instructions. to the and recommended the should the counter or household assembly instructions.) or other the heating while including the following: and cleaning. Allow to when the heating the and the To shock, the of the and the or instructions when with Corporation examination, the to EURO-PRO as indicated or off the with or or the and cleaning the or other and of this malfunctions, or near only the and from outlet from or warranty. using the or the to Break from the the that the supply pulled. This to To the to EURO-PRO specifically with the of the and the the the from the Turn off the the supply cord. the the EURO-PRO incorporated become from the attached to the rear of the the with the The If The of the the that IMPORTANT: Should the the to the supply permanently the the Turn the back This supply to of to: Cord OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the the or washed cover and washed the Allow the and the to cool the from the cleaning. or or Follow the cleaning instructions Clean the only with The cleaning. the or or other The of the the First completely (approximately hours) the dishwasher. other dishwasher. cloth. Warning: Cleaning Instructions then to allow another high release the the with the and the first SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS To the to heating the EURO-PRO Corporation. the of the the other servicing should dishwasher. to reduce the from becoming the the of the with cord) recommended or cord. (or the heating the with fryers. 12/01C If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to only to the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
each cooled and then the from the the with the the another and the cooled cleaning each the to the The to as poultry, meat or food containing of (such To the first the tainted rather when frying and the and to and than months. the through or or the or bottle. The OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS each To cook evenly, should the that the food to foaming when heated or when becomes or when the than months. regularly. or and poultry, meat and when food containing of (such as from food as as to to to and or or becomes Thicker to and and thickness. together. cook. Frying Frying Pre-Heating the Frying Frying Food At the of the Cleaning Instructions the Its and the the First to First Clean the Unit Thoroughly the With Instructions CONTENTS The following cooking the to The cooking and thickness of such as French should food to or EURO-PRO specifically with EURO-PRO incorporated cord. This supply to Break from the the that the supply pulled. This to the of the and of Cord foods and higher foods, and Food French The of the supply permanently attached to the rear of the the To the to the the the that with the The If the the the the and IMPORTANT Should the become from the the from the Turn off the the the to the to the Turn the back Onion Apple
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS that the reached. It to through the slightly, then the frying to food. the the cover light indicating the overflowing to allow to the completely. from the the Lowering the too to burns caused too to the the pre-heated, ready the of the while the while it and Warning: Frying Food burns, touch the Warning: to or they the and the showing that that the when the reached. The Pre-heating the to the heating operation. light and off The light This This light off when the thermostatically selected. Pre-Heating At the of Light On/Off Switch Decorative Plate Plate Plate Bracket Turn On/Off switch to the "OFF" the the allow to the the to the the cover and to the and allow the from the lowest counter Once the from the the food to the completely. off and the food clockwise.). Warning: finished the to lowest off switch and the from To or burns, as they the food the and shorter foods, The approximately the when the higher than the MAX the with and the of food capacity. It should Warning: food. the Frying With Heating Frying Heater Light ON Light Thermostat Heating On/Off Switch Thermostat cleaning or or cool completely hours) the the with Warning: with food the from the and burns. when foods. Technical Specifications 120V., Capacity: foods such as from food to to to when food to Clean off should
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS If shortening, the the the should first and then from the and shortening which and Previously Warning: shortening the or the Warning: "MAX" when to within the function properly and Warning: the to the the or completely with Warning: completely otherwise the or other the with food. the sections of this and follow the instructions Warning: the the or with heating the Warning: This should when the to the First securely This with the Warning: the correctly to the otherwise the the interlock switch to the from with to specified the function. This the and the heating turning the below through the top of If the cold, there Therefore the following Warning: If try to the from the the securely the there of to C). closed while the of Warning: the with to specified heating the the securely the and the the With completely hours cleaning, the cleaning. or the with Warning: the cool the To the to the with with the of the thoroughly to the of its the the the holding the of the with or other and Clean the and the from the with while the of the securely attached to the the with heating the frying other hand. To Clean The Unit Thoroughly The should the when with the Warning: the the the NOT the "MAX" the instructions Turn the On/Off switch to the "ON" and the with the the the the pre-heating. the when the cover. Pre-Heating the With the Edges" the the the with Heating Interlock Switch that the the Edges" the the the The mounted the the correctly. Notice: the Heating its and the and the the each The the or or the to the and of