EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO household to the following and LLC. service ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1068H OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1068H The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase included. specifications to without the apply to to or to LLC OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD purchased of City State Appliance to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC MA F1068H EURO-PRO LLC MA Printed
with The heating off when the You the to the function clear/reset located the front OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT The of accessory then to allow another high properly assembled the of release the the with IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS first, then the or near or when containing the and heating the from outlet then the as indicated other than the first To to cool completely or heated the with assembly instructions. to the and SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the to To should recommended the the and the counter or household heating or other the heating the the while including the following: instructions and from outlet when and or off and LLC examination, the the heating the the of the and To shock, the when cleaning. Allow to cool or with the to EURO-PRO or or the or other malfunctions, and of this or or warranty. cleaning the using the or Once the achieved, the ready light This the to Once the the off and the to The allows to the each cool If to another the function clear/reset and the ready light. Once the ready light then the If would to the continuously batches, the the the ready light and supply to the reduce the from becoming the of the with cord) recommended or cord. (or the heating the with fryers. WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the POLARIZED PLUG 01/06A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
the the With the Its Frying the Frying At the of to the to Clean the Unit Thoroughly Pre-Heating Frying Food Cleaning Instructions Instructions and the the First Connecting the Cord CONTENTS Clean the cover and The of the Allow the and the to cool or Follow the cleaning the from the cleaning. or or the the of the cleaning. the The completely (approximately hours) the or other dishwasher. the dishwasher. cloth. or the dishwasher. other instructions the the First with Warning: Cleaning Instructions Connecting the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The of the supply supply permanently attached to the the and to Break from the the cord. This supply that the supply that with the If the of the the To the the with This the to the of the and pulled. This to the the the The only specifically of Cord If reason the heating, the reason might that the switch tripped. To the the follow the instructions below: The to the thermostat located the back of the that Should the become from the the from the Turn off the the the to the Turn the to to: To the RESET
foods and higher foods, french and The following cooking the to The cooking and thickness of Food OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER Mushrooms Onion Apple each cooled and then the from the the with the the another and the cooled cleaning each the to the To the first the The to as meat or food containing of (such tainted rather when and the and to and than months. the through or or the or bottle. the Ready Light Light Decorative Plate Plate Frying Function Clear/Reset Plate Heating Foot Technical Specifications from 120V.,
completely otherwise the within the function properly and to the the completely with or Warning: the Warning: "MAX" to Warning: or other when the with food. the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: This should to Warning: the the or with heating the when the the the cool or the with the cover and to cleaning or the from the the Press the to the the completely. Once the from the completely hours) the and allow the food to the the allow to off and the food off. At the of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the frying foods such the or or other the frying when the frying from the or Clean off the with food as french should the MAX the Warning: foods, the food the The MAX and when assembled to the the food the cooking and to to from food to when food the and burns. this Frying Food the they burns, Warning: to or the Frying and together. The the or or the each NOT MAX cooking the and the and Warning: the with to specified heating the the securely the and the the completely hours cleaning, the cleaning. or the with Warning: the cool the with with the of the washed to the of its the thoroughly holding the of the with the the the to the or other and Clean the and the from the with while the of the securely attached to the the with heating the the other hand. to First Clean the Unit Thoroughly Frying to to the Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the each that the food to foaming when heated or when becomes or when or and regularly. tainted when food poultry, meat and containing of (such as from food as as to and or or becomes than months. and thickness. together. that the reached. It to through the cover the to food. the slightly, then to the overflowing the completely. from the the Lowering the too allow to Warning: the cover to burns caused light indicating too to the the pre-heated, ready the of the while the while and steam. MAX
the that If to please the and the the ready light The to the the If to from the reached, and the the the the the that the The the the The to If function the Function If the The MAX If to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the and Its Warning: the Press the The and the displays instructions The and the light the the Its showing that the the with the the The should the the when The the cover. heating. Pre-Heating the switch that the the the Notice: The correctly. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: shortening Warning: If to the from the should first and then and to the the below through the top of the there of the the securely closed while Press the "Function" If using shortening, from the and If the cold, there of splashing. the or the shortening which and Previously Therefore the following the the Heating the Switch Edges securely This with switch to the from turning the the the correctly to the otherwise Warning: the with to specified the function. This the and the heating the Heating its the with the with heating the edges" the mounted the the the edges" the Ready Light Light (red) Function of