OWNERS MANUAL EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when household If to properly while household within the warranty the and to EURO-PRO LLC Lawrence Ind. Champlain, N.Y. If the PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and to the of and found to or workmanship, EURO- included.* ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1066 120V., F1066 The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or warranties. the apply to and/or other This warranty rights, and other rights which from to and what the with products, therefore the specifications the (as covered CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to item to with purchase information, to include of purchase and to to item with and warranty). the of ATTENTION to without Lawrence EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC information or Champlain, NY Printed
with The heating off when the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT The of accessory properly assembled the of first, then the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS when containing heating the from outlet then the or or other than To to cool completely or heated assembly instructions. to the and recommended the should the counter or household or other the heating while followed, including the following: LLC examination, the heating the and the the of the and To shock, the when or instructions with the to EURO-PRO as indicated or off from when and cleaning. Allow to cool the with or or the and cleaning the or other malfunctions, and of this or only the and or warranty. the or the Once the achieved, the ready light This the to Once the the The allows to the each off and the to cool If to another the and the light. Once then the You the to the located below the thermostat the front If to the continuously batches, the the the ready light and then to allow another high release the the with the and the first SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the to To heating the If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to to the supply to reduce the from becoming the the of the with cord) recommended or cord. (or the heating the with fryers. 11/03A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
the the With the Its Frying the Frying At the of to First Clean the Unit Thoroughly Pre-Heating Frying Food Cleaning Instructions Instructions and the the CONTENTS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Allow the and the to cool the from the cleaning. or or cleaning. the completely (approximately hours) Warning: Cleaning Instructions Connecting the the the that the supply incorporated only and of the that To the to Break from the the specifically with the The attached to the of the the supply cord. This to the of the The of the to the the pulled. This with If the the supply permanently EURO-PRO LLC and Cord the the or cover and washed the Follow the cleaning instructions Clean the with The or or other the The of the the dishwasher. other dishwasher. cloth. the of the the dishwasher. the from the Turn off the the become from the IMPORTANT: Should the the to the Turn the back to to:
and higher foods, French and The following the to The quantity, and thickness of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER Food Mushrooms Onion Apple the and the cooled cleaning or the each the The to food containing of (such as poultry, meat or tainted rather when The Ready Light Light Decorative Plate Plate Foot each to the to and than months. cooled and then the from the another To the first the or bottle. the with the and the and the through or Technical Specifications Plate Frying Function Heating 120V., Capacity:
Warning: "MAX" when to within the function properly and Warning: the to the the or completely with Warning: completely otherwise the or other the with food. the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: the the or with heating the Warning: This should when the to the the cover and to the the from the Once the from the the the cover completely. and allow the food to Press the and the the the allow to off and the food off. At the of the from the foods, the food the and shorter The the when with food the higher than the MAX the with it and the of food capacity. It and burns. should Warning: burns, the Warning: to or they the Frying Warning: the with to specified heating the the securely the and the the With completely hours cleaning, the cleaning. or the with Warning: the cool the with with the of the to the of its the thoroughly the the holding the of the with the to the or other and Clean the and the from the with while the of the securely attached to the the with heating the the other hand. To Clean The Unit Thoroughly or the with cool completely hours) the cleaning or Warning: and together. to the The each the the or or the the and the and or and to to the Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the each that the food to foaming when heated or when becomes or when regularly. when food poultry, and containing of (such as from food as as to and or or becomes than months. and thickness. together. Frying from food to to to when food or Clean off frying foods such as should that the reached. It to through the to food. the cover light indicating the overflowing the the Lowering the too too to the the pre-heated, ready the of the while the while and Frying Food the slightly, then the cover the completely. from to allow to to burns caused Warning: MAX
If to please the function: If the function the the the that the the If to to the the the and the The and from please, The the the The ready light reached, the to If the the If to The MAX the that OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Press the The and the light Warning: the and the displays Its instructions the and the Its showing that the The the the the with the the The should the when outlet.The the cover. heating. Pre-Heating Edges the should from the and shortening which and Previously If shortening, the the first and then Warning: shortening the or the securely This with the switch to the from turning Warning: the correctly to the otherwise the the with to specified the function. This the and the heating the Heating Switch below through the top of Warning: If to the from the there of If the cold, there the of Therefore the following "Function" and the the securely closed while Press the to the the Edges" the the mounted the the Heating its the With the with Heating the Switch that the the The the correctly. Notice: the Edges" the Ready Light Light (red) Function of