OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1075H EURO-PRO LLC NY
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC NY If the found EURO-PRO LLC to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC, to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which *IMPORTANT: item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly trying to products, therefore the specifications Please and the within of. The to the of this acknowledge to and the or to or RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC Plattsburgh, NY instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without included.* from to household apply to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1075H The of accessory properly assembled the of another high first, then the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS when containing heating the or near or from outlet then the as indicated the other than the and To to cool completely or heated assembly instructions. the with to the and SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and to allow To recommended the the to basic should only the and the counter or household heating or other the heating the the while followed, including the following: LLC examination, the heating the and the To shock, the of the and the or instructions when with the to EURO-PRO from when or off and cleaning. Allow to cool or or the and cleaning the or other and of this malfunctions, or or warranty. using the or cord. from becoming or the of the with the to (or cord) to reduce the with the heating the outlet the fryers. Appliance F1075H WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the POLARIZED PLUG purchased of City State Printed 06/04A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS switch disconnected. To If reason the heating, the reason might that the the follow the instructions below: The to the from the with the back of located the back of the the thermostat Allow the to that completely. How To the to Break from the supply cord. This supply specifically with incorporated the that the supply pulled. This to the of the and of Cord The of the supply permanently attached to the of the the only If the the The the that with To the to the the the the the On Ready Arms LED Plate (On) (Housing) Housing Foot Light Thermostat the from the Turn off the the become from the IMPORTANT: Should the the to the Turn the back to it to: Cover Plate Cover Thermostat Cord Heating Technical Specifications 120V.,
foods and higher foods, French and The following cooking the to The cooking and thickness of the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the and from the the or the with heating to the the Warning: the This should to the the Food French Mushrooms Onion Warning: "MAX" when to the the function properly and completely with the completely otherwise to and within the the with food. with the of the the to the washed thoroughly and the assembly from Press the the cover from the the or the with the cool completely hours cleaning. cleaning, the the To First Clean The Unit Thoroughly Apple or other Clean the and the with and the
This This seated the the the with the heating the Switch that the with switch to Notice: The seated properly the that the the from turning hand. the With the Heating OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and together. the and the the each The the the to the or or and the securely with to the and the heating the the the Clean the with the First cover the dishwasher. The and the the or The only rinsed, NOT Follow the cleaning instructions or or other The of the the of the the the dishwasher. dishwasher. dishwasher. cloth. Cleaning Instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS from the the to the frying Heating The or other To the to the foods where the food cooked the food that to The cover when to the the the the the from the Press the to the Frying with Previously shortening which and the Warning: Not shortening should from the If shortening, and the the first and then the or the and the cooled completely the through strainer or than each cooled and then the from the the another each the to the To the first the The to as meat or food containing of (such tainted rather when and the and to and the with the cleaning or the or bottle. months. or the with cleaning or the completely hours) Frying Junction tainted when food containing of (such as poultry, meat and from food becomes when as as that the food to and each regularly. or and to to Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the the than to foaming when heated, when or or becomes and thickness. together. months.
the and the the cover and to allow with to the cover the with the the food that the that the to Once the food finished food to the the the and from the of the to To the the cover. the Frying OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and shorter the when the higher than the should MAX the with food. the Frying that the of the The MAX the that there You function: If the the To the and reached, the ready This the reach the amount of the the The and the and the that to the the the the to of counter-clockwise. to the The light The should to If to the the the and the the the Press the and the The screen the If to and the from The and the On To the the clockwise. the the and the the pre-heating. the cover. displays light the Pre-Heating the once cover to the from to the and then the the to seconds and then the the food of the the cover completely. the burns. You should the food to to than Clean off from foods such as to when food the from the with food and Press to the that the reached. It to through from to burns caused the to food. the cover the overflowing the the the completely. Lowering the too light indicating the pre-heated, the ready the slightly, then too to the to allow to the of the while the while and splashing. Warning: Frying Food Ready On On to and Press to or burns, NEVER the they