OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1068 EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
the the With Frying the Its the Frying At the of to First Clean the Unit Thoroughly Pre-Heating Frying Food Cleaning Instructions to the Instructions and the the First Connecting the Cord CONTENTS The of accessory properly assembled the of first, then the or or when containing heating the from then the as indicated other than To to cool completely or heated the with assembly instructions. SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS to the and recommended the the and the counter or household or other the heating the while IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS using should including the following: instructions and from outlet when and or off and examination, LLC the the heating the the of the and To shock, the when cleaning. Allow to cool or with the to EURO-PRO or or the or other malfunctions, and of this or or warranty. cleaning the the or then to allow release the the with the first the to another high To the the and heating WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the POLARIZED PLUG supply to reduce the from becoming cord) recommended or cord. (or with fryers. the the of the with the heating the 07/05A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
Warning: "MAX" when to within the Warning: the function properly and to the the or completely with Warning: completely otherwise the or other the with food. the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: the the or with heating the Warning: This should when the to the GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER Warning: the with to specified heating the the securely the and the the completely hours cleaning, the cleaning. or the with Warning: the cool the with the of the thoroughly to First Clean the Unit Thoroughly and together. and The the the each NOT MAX cooking the and the or or to the the the the the to the the of the securely attached to the of its holding the of the with from the with while the with heating the other hand. Ready Light Light Decorative Plate Plate Frying Function Plate Heating Foot with or other and Clean the and the the Technical Specifications MAX from 120V.,
the that the ready light the and the to the the the the If to from the reached, the the The the the to If OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the and the the the Warning: the instructions with the when Pre-Heating the switch that the the the Notice: The correctly. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS below through the top of Therefore the following Warning: If to the from the should the there of from the and shortening which and Previously If using shortening, the the first and then Warning: shortening the or the If to please the that The The MAX If to The and the function the Function If the Its Press the button. The and the displays The and the light Its showing that the the the The should heating. the The the cover. Heating Switch Edges "Function" and the the securely closed while Press the to the If the cold, there the of securely This with the switch to the from turning the the correctly to the otherwise Warning: the with to the function. This the and the heating the the Heating its the the the mounted the the with the with heating the the of Ready Light Light (red) Function
foods and higher foods, french and The following cooking the to The cooking and thickness of Food OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the cover and to the cover completely. allow to the from the the and allow the food to the the Press the to the off. At the of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the they burns, Warning: to or the Frying the when the MAX the frying the food the and and Mushrooms Onion Warning: the cool or the with cleaning or Once the from the completely (approximately hours) the off and the food Frying the from the the higher than the Warning: foods, MAX the with and burns. food. The approximately of food capacity. It Apple each cooled and then the from the the with the the another and the cooled cleaning each the to the To the first the The to as poultry, meat or food containing of (such rather when and the and to and than months. the through or or the or bottle. the to to the each regularly. when food meat and containing of (such as to and than months. foaming when heated or when becomes or when as as or or becomes or and together. as french should or Clean off from food to to foods such to when food light indicating the pre-heated, ready that the reached. the to food. the cover Frying Food Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the and thickness. that the food to from food the slightly, then to the completely. from allow to Warning: the cover to burns caused too to the while the overflowing the the Lowering the frying too and through the of the while It to the
You the to the function located the front with The heating off when the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT Allow the and the to cool the from the cleaning. or or cleaning. the completely (approximately hours) other Warning: Cleaning Instructions Connecting the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The of the supply supply permanently attached to the the and to Break from the the cord. This supply that the supply that with the If the of the the To the the with This the to the of the and pulled. This to the the the The specifically of Cord Once the achieved, the ready light This the to and the ready light. Once the ready light Once the the off and the to The allows to the each cool If to another the function then the If to the continuously batches, the the the ready light and the or the dishwasher. the or or other The of the cover and washed the The frying dishwasher. Follow the cleaning instructions using the First Clean the with cloth. switch disconnected. To the the follow the If reason the heating, the reason might that the instructions below: The to located the back of the the thermostat that the of the the dishwasher. How To the Should the become from the the from the Turn off the the the to the Turn the back to to: RESET
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer household to the following and Service or ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1068 If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications to without the apply to and included. to or to LLC of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD City purchased of Appliance RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC QC, H4S 1A7 F1068 Printed