Cool Touch Professional OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F2015L/F2015 EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER The of accessory properly assembled the of first, then the when containing heating the from outlet then the or or as indicated To other than to completely or heated assembly instructions. SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the with to the and recommended the only the and should the counter or household or other the heating the while followed, including the following: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS LLC examination, the heating the and the the of the and To shock, the when or instructions with the to EURO-PRO or off from when and cleaning. Allow to cool or or the and cleaning the or other malfunctions, and of this or or warranty. using the or the and heating cord. from becoming or (or cord) to reduce the recommended with fryers. Thermostat Cord Arms Heating Frying Ready Light Junction Cover Release Switch On Light On/Off Unit another high To the the it and to allow the to WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the POLARIZED PLUG the of the with the to the heating the outlet the Technical Specifications 120V., 07/04A SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
This This seated the the the Switch that the with switch to Notice: The seated properly the that the the from turning the with the heating hand. the With the Heating OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS or or the securely with to specified the and the heating the the the the and from the Read the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the and the the heating and thoroughly. heating with cloth. thoroughly. Heating and together. and the each The the L.) the the to the and the L.) the or NOTE or heated to should to that the completely otherwise the function properly. If within the and serious burns when the cover Warning: Not shortening the or the or other Clean the and the with and Warning: the to the the function properly and completely with the completely otherwise to trapped and than with food. within the the with heating the or to the the Warning: the This should to the To First Clean The Unit the First Thoroughly Junction Previously shortening which and the should from the and If shortening, the the first and then Press the and the the to the assembly from the the washed with the of thoroughly the cover from the Press to
tainted when food containing of (such as meat and and each regularly. to to the than to months. or and OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Frying from the and hear when cooking the and CAREFULLY caused the when food, please that the heating NOT to allow the food and the and NOTE: If using the or the NOTE If the to the food the food from the food plate covered with the its or the cooking cover to burns Frying when off when the food to cooked. by: to foods such as than Clean off the from the with food and when food burns. You should the to to from food to the Frying OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS attaching the reach of the of with the the cord. on/off switch of CAUTION: turn the with heating the when attaching correctly. heat when the empty. the of the off from food becomes when as as foaming when heated, when or or becomes that the food to To cook should the and thickness. the to food. the cover and shorter should only The of food capacity. It the frying when Frying Food Thicker to cook. cleaning. Allow the cord, or Warning: the switch to the to the cleaning. the the from the heating from heating and and the to to cool completely hours) or other Cleaning Instructions with To the the Frying the clockwise to the reached the the the the to the cooking cover, the the food to the To the the cover from to burns caused to through the of and the recommended cooking chart or the completely. too to the cover. If wish, the the slightly, then the the food the It to allow to the cover while while Warning: that the reached. the pre-heated, the ready light indicating It to through the of the while the overflowing the the Lowering the too and the cooking instructions the the ready light cooking the to the and the cooking reaches The On light The ready light off and the as the the Turn On switch to On cover the to pre-heat. selected The and straight To the cover the the the back of the cleaning, the washed the dishwasher. To the cover, and Clean the with cloth. the Follow the cleaning instructions the or or other the or the dishwasher. the the and from food to the the to the cover and to allow Once the food finished the to the cover completely. the and the the that the of the to the the of the and the with cloth. the of the and the the dishwasher. to the and then the once the of the seconds and then the the food from the
of cooking chopped RECIPES lightly beaten Apple The of the permanently attached to the to Break from the supply cord. This supply If the the The the that with the that the supply pulled. This to To the to the of the and the the the from the with This specifically become from the the the the IMPORTANT: Should the of the the of to: Turn off the to the the to the Turn the back Cord OPERATION INSTRUCTIONS The following cooking the to cooking and thickness of The foods and higher foods, French and Preheat to 375F. Combine and Combine cooking and Combine and brown. from and with or of Fry or and should lowered to thoroughly. and from with of and Serve or ground or (separated) Food Mushrooms breasts (optional) or (optional) to hours. ready to or brown. Fry to thickness) or lightly with then carefully(basket should already lowered and to beaten whites. or breasts to the and to the Beat Preheat to 360F. Beat with or and and cooked. To the and that the and the cooled each poultry, or other meats. each it or bottle. and to However, the To the first the The to the and To from the the the through hours) attempting to clean or cooled and then the to and than months. the with high foods such as strainer or the Onion Apple To or seasoning(optional) (optional) Preheat to 360F. Combine and seasonings, or Frying preheated Fry to or seasoned and then and cooked. to seasoned Allow the to cool completely. switch disconnected. To If reason the heating, the reason might that the the follow the instructions below: the from the The to with the back of located the back of the the thermostat that Thermostat
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and Customer household to the following and Service or ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F2015L Press to should the or from the of from cooking with of seasoned Frying with to to inch thick. Chill of least hour or with toothpicks. with beaten Then plastic.Combine onion, and with Preheat to 360F. breast of as with of meat. preheated to or brown. To ease, white RECIPES whole boneless, breasts chopped onion If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of including, without and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the which normally specifically from warranty. specifications to without and included. the apply to to or from to LLC (or chopped onion Turn once to and cook and or food preheated should already lowered) Preheat to 375F. together cornmeal, and (or Combine and to cornmeal Hush FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD City purchased of Appliance to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions EURO-PRO LLC bec, H4S 1A7 F2015L Preheat to 375F. from each and to doughnuts. Fry turning once or from and or food slightly with of hand. Punch of each with doughnut of and Serve count of ground Printed and You doughnut of to consistency.