Cool Touch Professional OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F2015L/F2015 QC H4S 1A7 NY U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to: household to the following and EURO-PRO LLC, NY EURO-PRO LLC QC H4S 1A7 U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F2015L The of accessory properly assembled the of another high first, then the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS when containing heating the or or from outlet then the as indicated the other than the and To to cool completely or heated assembly instructions. the with to the and SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and to allow To overload, recommended the the to should the and the counter or household heating or other the heating the the while followed, including the following: LLC examination, the heating the and the To shock, the of the and the or instructions necessary when with the to EURO-PRO from when or off and cleaning. Allow to or or the and cleaning the or other and of this malfunctions, or or warranty. the or or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of including, without and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with insure the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC which normally specifically from warranty. specifications contained to without and included. the apply to to or from to LLC cord. from becoming or the of the with the to (or cord) to reduce the recommended with the heating the outlet the fryers. FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions EURO-PRO LLC bec H4S 1A7 WARNING: To reduce the of this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the POLARIZED PLUG City purchased of Appliance Printed F2015L SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER RECIPES Press to should the or from the of from cooking with of seasoned Frying wrap. with to to inch thick. Chill of least hour or with toothpicks. with beaten Then plastic.Combine onion, and with Preheat to 360F. breast of as with of preheated to or To ease, white whole boneless, breasts chopped onion Chicken (or Turn once to and cook and or food preheated should already lowered) frying Preheat to 375F. together cornmeal, and (or Combine and to chopped onion cornmeal Thermostat Cord Arms Heating Frying Ready Light Release Switch On Light Auto-lift On/Off Unit Preheat to 375F. from each and to doughnuts. Fry turning once or from and or food slightly with of hand. Punch of each with doughnut of and Serve count of ground Doughnuts Technical Specifications 120V., Junction and You doughnut of to consistency.
of cooking chopped RECIPES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS lightly beaten Apple the and from the the sections of this and follow the instructions the and the the heating and thoroughly. heating with cloth. thoroughly. Preheat to 375F. Combine and Combine cooking and Combine and brown. from and with or of Fry or and should lowered to thoroughly. and from with of and Serve breasts (optional) or (optional) or ground or or other Clean the and the with and the or NOTE or heated to should to that the completely otherwise the function properly. If trapped within the and serious burns when the cover the First to hours. ready to or Fry to thickness) or lightly with then carefully(basket should already lowered and to beaten whites. or breasts to the and to the Beat Preheat to 360F. Beat with or and and cooked. Warning: the to the the function properly and completely with the completely otherwise to and than with food. within the the or the with heating to the the Warning: the This should to the To First Clean The Unit Thoroughly seasoning(optional) (optional) Preheat to 360F. Combine and seasonings, or Frying preheated Fry to or seasoned and then and cooked. to seasoned Press the the washed with the of and the thoroughly the to the the from the assembly from the Press to
This This seated the the the with the heating the Switch that the with switch to seated properly the Notice: The that the the from turning hand. the With the Heating OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATION INSTRUCTIONS the securely with to specified the and the heating the the the The of the supply permanently attached to the to Break from the only If the supply cord. This the The the that with the that the supply pulled. This to To the to the of the and the the the from the with This specifically become from the the the the IMPORTANT: Should the rear of the the of to: Turn off the to the the to the Turn the back Cord The following cooking only the to cooking and thickness of The foods and higher foods, and Heating and together. the each The the L.) the the to the and the L.) or or and Food To the and that the and the cooled (approximately each poultry, or other each or bottle. and To the first the The to to the the and To from the the the through hours) to or to and than months. cooled and then the the with high foods such as or the Onion Apple To or Junction Previously shortening which and the Warning: Not shortening should from the If using shortening, and the the first and then the or the Allow the to cool completely. the from the The to located the back of the with the back of the thermostat that switch disconnected. To If reason the heating, the reason might that the the follow the instructions below: Thermostat
tainted when food containing of (such as poultry, meat and from food becomes when as as that the food to and each regularly. or and to to Thicker to cook. To cook should the the than to foaming when heated, when or or becomes and thickness. months. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Frying to the food from cooking the hear when and CAREFULLY the and the when food, please that the heating NOT and the to allow the food and NOTE: If the NOTE: or the If the the food from the food plate covered with the its or cover to burns the cooking Frying when off when the food to cooked. by: to frying foods such as French than Clean off the from the with food and when food burns. You should the frying to to from food to the Frying the reach of the of the cord. with the on/off switch of CAUTION: the with heating the when attaching correctly. heat when the empty. the of the off the clockwise to the reached the the the the to the cooking cover, the the food to the that the reached. It to through To the the cover the to food. from to burns caused to through the of the cover and the the overflowing the the recommended cooking chart or Lowering the too light indicating the pre-heated, the ready the completely. too to the cover. If wish, the the slightly, then the the food the It to allow to the of the while the while and Warning: and shorter The approximately the when should of food capacity. It Frying Food cleaning. Allow the cord, or switch to the to the cleaning. the Warning: the the from the heating from heating and and the to to cool completely hours) or other Cleaning Instructions the the the and the the cover and to allow with to the and then and from the that seconds and then the Once the food finished the once food to the the to the of the to the to the food To the the of the the cover completely. the from the the Frying instructions the cooking the ready light cooking the to the and the cooking reaches The On light The ready light off and the as the the Turn On switch to On cover the to pre-heat. selected The and cover straight To the cover the the the back of the Clean the with cleaning, the the First the of the and the with cloth. the the or washed the dishwasher. To Follow the cleaning instructions or or other the cover, and the dishwasher. cloth. the of the and the the dishwasher. the while