DOUBLE BASKET DEEP FRYER OWNERS MANUAL 120V., K4320 EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER The of accessory properly assembled that correctly the of first, then the assembled and when containing heating the from then the or near or To other than to completely or heated assembly instructions. to the and recommended the the counter or household assembly instructions.) or other the heating while IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS basic should followed, including the following: LLC examination, or or off and and cleaning. Allow to when the heating the and the To shock, the of the and the or instructions necessary when the to EURO-PRO with as indicated the with or or the or other and of this or the and from outlet from cleaning the warranty. the or the With Heating Cord Frying Thermostat Frying Heater Light ON Light Heating On/Off Switch Thermostat Bracket Technical Specifications then to allow release the the with the first the to another high To the the and heating SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS supply to reduce the from becoming cord) or cord. (or with fryers. the the of the with the heating the 120V., Capacity: 01/04B If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to only to the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the should from the and shortening which and Previously If shortening, the the first and then Warning: shortening the or the Warning: "MAX" when to within the Warning: the function properly and or to the the Warning: completely with completely otherwise the or other the with food. the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: the the or with heating the Warning: This should when the to the First securely This with Warning: the the correctly to the otherwise the the interlock switch to the from with to specified the function. This the and the heating turning the below through the top of Therefore the following Warning: If try to the from the there of If the cold, there the of the Warning: the with to specified heating the the securely the and the With completely hours cleaning, the cleaning. or the with Warning: the the To Clean The Unit Thoroughly Warning: the instructions with the when Pre-Heating the the securely to C). closed while the Edges" the the mounted the the Heating its the With the with Heating the the the The each the to the liters). or or with the of the washed thoroughly the the securely attached to the To the to the the the the the of to the the to The should the the pre-heating. the when with NOT the "MAX" the and the the the the Turn the On/Off switch to the "ON" the cover. the Interlock Switch that the the Edges" the the Notice: The the correctly. and together. and or other Clean the and the with and of its holding the of the with from the with while the with heating other hand. the Select the the of
each cooled and then the from the the with the the another and the cooled cleaning each the to the The to as poultry, meat or food containing of (such To the first the tainted rather when and the and to and than months. the through or or the or bottle. The OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS each the than months. regularly. poultry, and tainted when food containing of (such as to to to and or and together. Frying the to food. that the reached. light indicating the pre-heated, the cover the overflowing the the Lowering the too and OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Frying Food burns, the Warning: to or they the Pre-heating the to selected. and the showing that that the when the reached. The the heating operation. light and off The light This This light off when the thermostatically Pre-Heating To cook evenly, should the and thickness. that the food to foaming when heated or when becomes or when as as it or or becomes from food and It to through the of the while the slightly, then the cover to allow to the completely. from to burns caused too to the while Warning: the At the of Light On/Off Switch The following cooking the to The cooking and thickness of should frying food such as French the to or Thicker to cook. Turn On/Off switch to the "OFF" Warning: finished the to the from To lowest off switch and or burns, as they the to the lowest counter clockwise.). the from the the food the and and the should only the when the Frying foods and higher foods, French and Food French cleaning or or completely (approximately hours) the the with Warning: the the (them) the and allow the food to allow to the and to the cover completely. the Once the from the off and the food with food the from the and burns. when foods. should ONLY The approximately food capacity. It of The the MAX the foods, the higher than the MAX the with Warning: food. Mushrooms Onion Apple the foods such as to Clean off from food to to to French should when food
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer household to the following and Service or ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY K4320 to Break from the the that the supply pulled. This to To the to specifically with the of the and the the the from the Turn off the the supply cord. the the incorporated become from the to the of the the with the The only If The of the IMPORTANT: Should the the that the to the supply permanently the the Turn the back This supply to of Cord OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Allow the and the to cool the from the cleaning. or or cleaning. the completely hours) other Warning: Cleaning Instructions If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the contained to without the apply to and included. to or to LLC the or or other the or the dishwasher. cover and the The dishwasher. Follow the cleaning instructions using the Clean the with cloth. of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD The of the EURO-PRO other servicing should LLC. the of the the dishwasher. City purchased of Appliance RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 K4320 Printed