OWNERS MANUAL 120V~, KG845E EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC MA,
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR CONTACT GRILL when IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS or or this the other than containing charcoal, or as other high or heated this the heating to heat INDOOR USE ONLY It insulated and both It recommended that basic should with this inches of This to counter or household or other followed, including the following: from outlet when and the or off and LLC examination, To shock, and the cleaning. Allow to cool when or instructions with the to EURO-PRO recommended the the the The of accessory the to the NEVER and of this or other or or the malfunctions, or of counter or of the counter or that or warranty. that the using the or cleaning the or other or while where they pulled The rating of the that the rating of the should least as as with the the countertop or children or tripped its Light Non-Stick If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to outlet only to the Technical Specifications 120V., 11/02B SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
that the the cleansers of the If Allow to cool thoroughly that the grease the To clean the scouring or If necessary, the the of the with the to and with To clean the with from cool POWER CORD IN WATER OR DO NOT IMMERSE GRILL OR that the the of heavy and The and free of grease necessary, grease that cleaning. ANY OTHER LIQUID. with cloth. dishwasher cleaning. cloth. from Cleaning OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS allow to cool completely or fresh with the the the partially cook bone- If with or using The cooking Food directly to cook than food from outlet and food the Meats marinated these become Preheat the as directed and uncooked If cooked, from the of grease that other the of food and thermometer to the To to of the following easy preheating, the with as this the coating. food the and food the and the to cool, the to the finished the the sounds, the or the the with using and provided. off. food to cooked the to from the non-stick cooking to and the cool cleaning. non-stick and the sections of this and follow the instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the or and such as the light these the and as as the or On" function the or counter. the Compact the with clean, cloth, then with cloth. This or other the firm the cool non-stick cooking as and that thoroughly when coating. such as the the heat to or showing that the the as other the to the The light this and Turn the to the "STAY ON" To preheat the the the or It recommended that heating. preheat insulated without high
RECIPES onion, pound to to the Onions or to of F. It recommended the and about thick. the that ground RECIPES to ground Preheat the breasts and or to internal Season as with and seasoned and spices. of F. Preheat the onions of the the and seasoning and the the to the and with the with and cook another Breasts the thin amount of the top with the the together and season. or to internal of F. ounces grated of choice to ground the and the breasts immediately and Turn the breasts seasonings. or to internal of F. Breasts Preheat the Season the meat as and Preheat the Season the meat as and with Onions Mushrooms (thin inch) (thick inch) evenly. the the preheated and cook Preheat the the and the or and the internal F. onions with and the and cook Season the the 1/4-inch thick. Top with and onions the of the and the onions the other. Top the the and to the or or them the the from the the onion sliced, 1/2-inch thick pound white ounce top 1/2-inch thick to
and the the and or Preheat the the with the of and the of the chops. the and season with cooked as RECIPES pounds to Chops the the of the and top each with amount and and season. the and cook or of surrounded with the breasts the cooked 1/4-inch thick or 4-inch ounces grated Delicious to cooked. breasts RECIPES the with toasted and the 1-inch the and the and about toasted the meat the the another or to and with the and the of the with the with internal of F. Preheat the half, through the the thickness as the and the front of the grated and with and the To the from squashed, of Scoop the with or and the and cook or the Preheat the the with and season. with about or the cooked. cook. about pound to Catfish the the and the the top. Preheat the the and chopped about or the cooked. cook. chopped about pound with the the and top each with of and or cooked. cook. about 1-inch thick to
and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when household to the EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY following and KG845E If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the with or This warranty cover or This warranty cover or or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that caused or to caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC MA other and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with insure the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without Printed