Water Capacity Congratulations! You the of the Steam Station. To the of please to the and the instructions easy reference. Please the warranty and the EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC Lawrence Champlain, New York H4S 1A7 Steam Station EP7005 W. and Instructions
using should including the following: instructions the its To of shock, or other The thermostat should turned to its lowest or from to from instead and to allow to cool completely around when from when with or emptying and when with or the or To the of shock, the to authorized EURO-PRO LLC service examination and Incorrect reassembly of shock when used. or while connected or board. from touching or when as there the when the The and burns. The of accessory recommended EURO-PRO LLC fire, shock or the of and/or the the type the to the that the when and that they the or the supply The and therefore the the or the finished and when leaving the while: the to the the the from the To of the the the the top (without the the supply hose or the cord. that the touches the when of the slightly greased. the slightly switched the first while, however, this the the first or protective from the Clean the with cloth. or other the chemically the or other which heat. This or infirm without Young should to that they with the This household only. IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS 02/01A
To another high-wattage the If necessary, rated with should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that pulled or tripped POLARIZED PLUG This than the other). this outlet If the the the If to this Warning Water first light to from the (8A) to the to through the hose and reach the Once this to Please though that to or the SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Steam Steam 3A. Steam Burst-of-steam Light (right Iron 8A. Water 8B. Water Water Cord Connecting Cord Hose Water Iron Water On/Off Light STEAM STATION 120V EP7005
Instructions Steam of Steam first to whether with instructions attached to the to ironed. Follow these instructions If instructions know the of then the The the and to finish, to which of the lowest such as those of synthetic Sort the to first: with with The than it cools Therefore, the the lowest such as those of synthetic If the consists of of the lowest of the of those consisting of and should the indicated and without If know what of the of, which invisible when wearing or using the the which there. relatively with the to the to and cloth. steam-ironing of the This turning the and the and other which should (with the applying light the Iron the of synthetic and to the to Choosing the Synthetic fibers, MAX MAX Please that the "This ironed"
or which attached to the or the of the the instructions follow the The first used, and white of the This perfectly and to the while. follow the instructions and the following to and white and to performance. The from the (8A) to the through the supply hose built-in This activated the The light The activated as as the or the pulled permanently the (3A) pushed backwards. the and Please that the the (8A) to instructions the to its highest the to the Light off, indicating that the reached its selected Then the to MAXIMUM. the (located below the to the internal the (3A) backwards, that the pulled. Steam about Please the first which there further Iron of cloth the the and allow to Press the burst of to white First the Water to the Iron IMPORTANT
the the Iron Please that the off its The the of its top. The the locations. the top of the and each its IMPORTANT the the without the top of the
Word Water should with to earth ions the of of with authority) or of with If with that performance containing additives, from service stations, from household or This should normally with The of with and to through the (formation of If through the while using or Water with Additives: and should to the These the chamber which and this reason, from used, as this additives the Iron: as these to the and Battery Water From Service Stations as of Water From Household Water from household because though these from the they other to Therefore this the Water the (8B). the (8A) from the slightly the top of the and of the the to the as shown below the (8A) to its the that the (8A) back to its and the (8B) closed. If the (8A) its to from the to the the Water 8B
The from the (8A) to the through the supply hose built-in This activated the The light The activated as as the or the pulled permanently the (3A) pushed backwards. the and Please that the that the the the top of the the the IMPORTANT the the the top of the Select the the using the as reference The light indicating that the heating the light off, the reached, and the ready The light and off as the thermostat switching the heating and off to the selected the Water to the Iron Without Steam
that the Steam Station from the the TO the (8A) with following the instructions the that the resting top of the IMPORTANT the or other which heat. the the AC the to the the the You the (3A) backwards to the pulled permanently. that the reached the selected using IMPORTANT the or the burst-of-steam the light off indicating that the selected reached. If of the the reached, the With Steam Steam Steam 3A
Steam higher with Water from the the selected too and therefore this The shut-off as follows: At the steaming. To the formation of when the activated, hear click the of the to the as as the reached. there enough the (8A). the the top of the the the within the Steam the light turned off and then the to the IMPORTANT the (8A) completely empty, there burst-of-steam and possibly of while with Continuous vertically and horizontally. to burst of to often or Continuous achieved switching the Steam turning and the Please that burst the the flow. You when and flowing Warning Too of to the and Function Steam Function Steaming
the Burst-of-Steam of from the This when creases and steaming, burst of too often or The Burst-of-Steam function while with high and of seconds or Function
Burst-of-Steam when holding the this when creases from clothes, The Burst-of- Steam while high of seconds. The (and You the the the with that there enough the (8A). the internal empty, the about to when see/hear from the the and of the internal and MAX. Its to the below Steaming Water Spraying
Steam Station with that to the to board (or other the that the to the of the with the the Turn the clockwise and then to the board or the when finished to the Steam Station from the or Attaching Iron to the IRONING BOARD SCREW CLAMP WING NUT
cleaning, the from the outlet and allow the to cool sufficiently. and other off the with cloth and non-scratching the smooth: with From to the of the (8A) with and the from the of the (8A). the to the the its and cool sufficiently the and to the included with Steam Station. The should months of the amount of and and release the head of the then it Empty the from the (8A) and housing. the (8A) with the and the about The with You To or service: Customer Service to AM PM Eastern Cleaning
Iron should 120V AC only. Iron that the securely the Therm too Turn to higher Therm ready light On and or of of Iron ater from Iron Troubleshooting PROBLEM POTENTIAL REASON SOLUTIONS This The light On and as the thermostat switching the heating On and to the selected This Follow instructions first and allow to through the burst to inate white ater or that the and the correctly should allow the to reach the selected with the that the the and the ore to higher and the to If and and there the the board the from to Iron enough. therm to the allow to heat (thermostat light off) activating the of Allow ore each Iron Turn off, and follow instructions Steam ance seasoning. or ance
EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of years from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC Lawrence Champlain, N.Y. If the found EURO-PRO LLC to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included.* The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO LLC This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC LAWRENCE PAQUETTE IND. DR., CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. IN CANADA: BOIS FRANC, ST. LAURENT, QUEBEC, H4S 1A7 EP7005 Appliance purchased of City ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY