Steam 120V., OWNERS MANUAL SC500 information or EURO-PRO LLC NY
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household the purchaser only. The attached Warranty Card and within of purchase. This Warranty to effective should with this PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY of purchase and and charges Should covered the terms of the warranty within EURO- included.* YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY Professional Steamer should including the following: SC500 Steamer when the the when and or with the cord. To or its the from the when the or distilled/purified cord, as the or when or near or other chemicals to as this NOT cleaning To reduce the of fire, shock, or cords or outlets with cool, the this as this or other the allow to as toy. cord, or around or corners. from the Professional carrying capacity. recommended or without shoes. servicing or with the the cord. people, or or heated cleaner. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS or or the or other the other than the of the with The and burns. household Follow instructions chemicals the the Professional Steamer. the Professional Steamer used. or the while as there To of shock, shock or to when or the from of the allow to outlet when or emptying from touching the its shock, or to of chemicals of the or around or chemicals or instructions To the of the cool completely assembly or of the instead, and to examination and Incorrect to from and/or This the of the to EURO-PRO LLC warranty) Professional Steamer. or other and when this when connected. warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. States the or of or the apply to The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT INCLUDED. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty cover caused or to or constantly to products, therefore the CUSTOMER SERVICE. item to to to item covered warranty). the of ATTENTION with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as specifications to without PURCHASER___________________________________________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE This warranty rights which from to Please and within of purchase. The to the this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions PURCHASER: ADDRESS: RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC NY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL:... NAME AND ADDRESS OF DEALER: CITY: STATE. SC500 Printed 09/02F SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
when the to supply/electrical If necessary, should used. Cords rated overheat. should to that pulled or tripped completely cleaning or the cool To another the ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS CARE MAINTENANCE should normally whether If to that there the If cleaning, however, should then build-up from the First follow these empty, with using or cleaning instructions: Cleaning the CAUTION: This from the outlet and allowed to cool the cleaning or SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY This with grounded-type This only outlet This If the should to the to the of the grounding of to the the WARNING: such as straightened and the of the the below. from to release the of to the of and the to release to the Empty from the recommended the vigorously. the free from This the with and each through If performance back and forth to switch and to
the the allowing enough the to Work PVC the to USAGE SUGGESTIONS FOR PROFESSIONAL PORTABLE STEAMER the from the To this without top to the Work with the the with the to clear from the top to the of the or leaving and Mirrors GETTING TO KNOW YOUR PROFESSIONAL PORTABLE STEAMER the to blow the and The or crack the as chemicals often Can and other easily cleaned with the the to the To clean microwaves or other and the cleaning them from outlet cleaning. areas. to with the the polishing the to cleaned. grease the Follow with to The the and and cleaned. The without the ordinary cleaning from the from steamers as the back or other If off the towel, fibers. with brushing cleaning fast, light then the or clean, the head with the or back-and-forth and and the of with that the the than to of to the with of the the as to and appearance. cleaned. Clothing from waterborne with the and immediately If this the the to the with If this apply to the first with or this or or too the The and to the of heat and to the amount of clean. the to the To the or shower with or without areas. The To the and of the Allow of the the shower helpful the shower heat to the This tracks, to and heavily To clean there or Bathroom Hose/Accessory Connector Head Shoulder Strap Cleaning Shoulder Strap Hose Shoulder Strap Hose/Unit Connector Release Light Cord Unit U.S. Water Capacity: 120V., Technical Specifications
Steam to tough without chemicals, perfectly The and Steam and cleaning that such to to reach with the or such as Clean such as counters, shower tracks, Clean upholstery, sealed bathroom/kitchen Clean coverings, pillows, FEATURES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS On To Steam with when light cleaning to the of Water The cleaning with the head. the This to clean upholstery. Cleaning and that withstand high heat. therefore recommended to isolated of the to and On that the heat and action. treated with or the This the to It WARNING: Steam to cleaned proceeding. NOT cleaning or other chemicals to the distilled/purified the this or IMPORTANT: to tight back and forth while cleaning. with the from the top this the otherwise and as as and corners first. cleaned. to the Work the To the hose to the the hose/unit with the the the hose and clockwise to the hose below. Attaching the Hose heavy rated the grounded ordinary cord. CAUTION: NOT cleaning or or distilled/purified the other chemicals to the this IMPORTANT: the the to of which this owner's of what achieved cloth or terry cloth white You the with the or the It helpful to the with the the cleaned cleaning The Professional Steamer cracks, and to reach immediately the cleaner. cleaning the of to of and This to around the trays, or towel ready to which to the and the of dishwasher. areas. the with the the hose/accessory and clockwise to to the hose. below. To the to the the the Unlock Unlock You the to the hose the
the back of the the that the of the To the to the the back of the head. the head, the head the locking to cleaning CAUTION or cracks. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS with the the To the to the the clockwise The of the the the the the Turn ATTACHMENTS To the The The locking the flow of To the when pushed the the release and the the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the to this to or IMPORTANT: that the UNPLUGGED from the the and to follow these the to inches released. the DO the top of the Steam to the Press Release the locking OVERFILL Screw back NOT with Allow the to cool back and from the and the as DO NOT With Water clockwise to On light (Red) light from the This of the provided. ready the light to The the the with At the and to Allow approximately Heating turning heat reach its the cleaner, that the NOT Turn counter clockwise from To the head, the the locking the Both the and the the with the directly the the of the the Shoulder Strap cleaning To the shoulder freedom of when both the shoulder allows the to the the shoulder cleaner, with the hose or the To You the head the the head with the the Head when there It to of the when to the the counterclockwise. cool while the NOTE: from the with with the this to the with the shoulder the as using the hose and or the Either or hose connected the to Allow to cool three released WARNING: This CAUTION: the while the first of might