Convection Microwave OWNER'S MANUAL K5345 120V., USA: EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC NY QC H4S 1A7
IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS WARNING the information this followed to the of fire, shock or to property or of using basic should including the following: instructions the and follow the PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY found of this This grounded. to properly grounded grounding instructions. this its as this chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory the microwave when empty. with or or the malfunctions or to EURO-PRO LLC examination, or when or cover or the or this or this or or other from heated of or counter. To reduce the of fire the cavity: cook food. the when heating food or twist-ties from or If the KEEP OVEN DOOR CLOSED the and the or off from the or the products, cooking or food the when heat or other food sealed as they to The of feeding bottles and food should or and the should the of wrist, to burns. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household heated cylindrical-shaped become overheated. The splash with or heating or when coffee, to the and the heating. re-heating. Microwave heating of when the such as coffee, or to overheated the or when the from the THIS COULD RESULT IN VERY HOT LIQUIDS SUDDENLY BOILING OVER WHEN THE CONTAINER IS DISTURBED OR SPOON OR OTHER UTENSIL IS INSERTED INTO THE LIQUID To this from occurring: heat the and through heating heating, allow the to the microwave the when or other the straight-sided with food the microwave and and products such as whole and sealed should heated the microwave heating their shells, whole or closed and should heated the microwave foods with heavy such as whole and heating or bottles. and such as and become of heat from the heated food. potholders to the from the microwave that cooking microwave WARNING: It other than trained to service or which the of cover which protection to microwave 09/05A
PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY to this microwave with the to microwave It to or with the interlocks. the front and the allow or to This grounded. If it should malfunction or breakdown, grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding The that properly and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING: of the of shock. with or service as to whether the outlet properly grounded. the with the the outlet This and grounding that the right. that the to the as the should with this If it to cord, that grounding and that the the The rating of the should to or than the rating of the cord. If the too or serviceman the GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS OR the It that the properly and that there to the: and or or or or cracked) The should or repaired properly service technician. Please supply to reduce the from becoming or cord. cords their If or used, the rating of the or should least as as the rating of the the grounding-type cord, and the should that the or where pulled or tripped
CONTROL PANEL GETTING TO KNOW YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN The includes clock and that the of the cooking and the cooking function that selected. cooking such as and cook. Press to the heating heating or both. Convection Select this to cook foods Select this and the to cook this as without using the microwave Clock this to the of Press the and then the the to the cooking Press this to cook automatically. Reheat The reheat to and seconds. Press the and the of to cook and the the cooking automatically. Keypad/Convection Entry the to the cooking the of the item to cooked, of or the Stop/Cancel Press this to the cooking or to previous cooking Press this to cooking or to cooking Through Heating Turntable Cavity Turntable Turntable Plate Note:Always the plate and the the
with microwave offers of food options such as microwave cooking and Microwave cooking high-frequency Microwave cooking heats the food directly, the cookware or the of the Reheating and defrosting food and food counter to where COOKING METHOD Microwave and heated Microwave HEAT SOURCE heated BENEFITS Microwave heat-resistant, cookware microwave However, to the cookware the cookware the with with to Microwave If the cookware then should microwave Convection recommended of products, and crusting or finished and they heat and cakes, or these heat and light, You or cookware. Microwave Convection/Grill Combination Heat-Resistant Non-Heat Heat Microwave-Safe Platic Products Combination: both microwave and cooking GETTING TO KNOW YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN COMBINATION CONVECTION MICROWAVE Microwave distributed throughout the thorough and cookware clean-up. Convection cooking of to The to of the browning, and and It around the food that food cooks evenly. Combination cooking the with the to cook with and while and to perfection. The following shows the and the each type of around the food to the food and the Browns and the of foods. food than Combination or recommended. items with as arcing with the or shelf., the or Heat-resistant microwave cookware to F) used, recommended foods that crusting or around browning. of microwave and heat to the cooking while and the of the food the cooking from Browning from heat.
Turntable Plate NOTE: Turntable Plate (A) and Turntable (B) the GETTING TO KNOW YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN Turntable COMBINATION CONVECTION/GRILL MICROWAVE B* C C C C Not
that from the WARNING such as or and or hinges, and the cavity or the If there the service The microwave to its and the heaviest food to cooked the the where heat, or high or Allow least inches of the top, and back of the or the the of the microwave. this other or lighting should this If The the the as specified the rating of higher and fire or other type of causing normally of and the If another outlet or service the microwave without the or plate their the turntable the microwave. that the supply and the microwave or or Microwave with TV or reception. If there interference, reduced or by: Clean and of the the of the or the TV. the outlet that the microwave and the branch the or the TV. This microwave should built cabinetry or mounted or such as the and and completely back the microwave. Child This that such as Once the child cooking To the child lock, and the Stop/Cancel appears the To the child lock, and the Stop/Cancel the from the You the to cook. USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN the Clock The clock 12-hour To the clock: Press the Clock the Press the the to the clock Press the Clock to Microwave Microwave cooking allows to cook food amount of Press the the repeatedly the the Press P100 Once selected the the to the amount of that to cook. Press the to cooking the microwave to that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to You the cooking the To the cooking process, the and the High High Low/Defrost cooking Reheating Reheating cakes, breads, custards, whole Defrosting seafood defrosting meals
You the of microwave other than food To the Press the the the the the Press the to the Once the hear cooking thin of chops, and of You to and dishes. You the option of the heating heating or both heating To select: Press the the of the Press once the both and three the Select the cooking the the Press the to Once the cooking completed, the and END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the cooking P100 the The cooking that and seconds). The to count when the pressed. Convection Convection through the cavity with The constantly surrounds the food that cooking which heats the of the food to and the food and evenly. You the to cook with To cook with the Convection the once and then the of the numbered Then the that to cook the food. to cook something the following: Press Convection once. Select the that this would the F). the that to cook Press The cooking that and seconds). The to count when the pressed. Press the to USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN If to the the cooking the Convection once and the the selected cooking the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the to clear the and the If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to To Preheat and with Convection to preheating with If to preheat the to Press Convection once. Press the the to the of F. Press the The PH and F. The when the selected reached and the PLACE FOOD.. the and the food to cook the of the the to the cooking The to cook the that previously Convection cover the or other with It with the flow of that cooks the food. cooking convection-only items. cakes, cookies, breads, or other foods, preheating. Preheat the as heatproof cookware when food and cookware from the lightweight or products cooking
The microwave four that easy to cook with both heat and microwave that and with the right amount of and To the Press once. the that to the the the cooking Press to The that and seconds). The to count when the pressed. If to the the cooking the once and the the selected cooking the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to process, the Stop/Cancel to This to cook of or without to the or the cooking To popcorn: Press the Popcorn once. The microwave to the and the Press the If the cooking or of popcorn, the cooking by: Press the Popcorn the to cooking Press to cooking the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the The that whenever the Popcorn To the as or the microwave and the back the This to the factory USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN Reheat The Reheat allows to reheat Press the Reheat once and the the cooking of Press the reheating the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to process, the Stop/Cancel to The to cook Press the once to the of the Press once ounces or approximately ounces. the the of that cooking to four Press Quantity Once Once Once Once Press the the finished, the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the the cooking finished, the the If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to
the COMPU Defrost The microwave that to the or of the food that select. Press Defrost meat Once chops, Poultry Press the Defrost to to the type of food that to chart the to the of the food that the to Press the to defrosting completed, the to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the To Press the Defrost the to Press the to defrosting completed, the to that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If or or below the amounts allowed, the clear to and then the amount. To the manually, and the defrosting that If to the process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN Weight/Quantity The microwave that to foods the that choose. Press of Food Once Ground meat Seafood, Press the to to the type of food that to cook. chart the to the or the of the food that the to cook. Press the to cooking ground meat or or seafood, the microwave through and once and the Turn that the food turned the food the to the cooking completed, the to that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If or or below the amounts allowed, the clear to and then the amount. If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to
The microwave that to cook of Press with Once with Microwave Reheat Press the to Press the to the cooking the to that it finished cooking and the END. If to reheat Press the Select the amount of that to reheat The microwave the the cooking the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to The microwave that to of food. Press Once each) To Press the once. the the amount of that to seconds Press the to USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN Quantity The microwave through the cooking and once. The Turn Food that the food the food the to the cooking completed, the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. and Press the to what to chart) the the of the food that to The the to seconds seconds The through the cooking and once. The Turn Food that the food turned the food the to the cooking completed, the to know that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If or or below the amounts allowed, the clear to and then the amount. If to temporarily the process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to
The microwave that to of Press Whole or Once breast of round Cornish Press the from to what type of meat to the the of the meat that seconds breast seconds of round Cornish seconds Press the to The microwave through the cooking and once. The Turn Food that the food turned the food the to the cooking completed, the microwave to that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If to temporarily the process, the Stop/Cancel the once to and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to The microwave that to of food. Press French Once foods To French Press the from once. the the amount of French that to USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN Quantity (pre-packaged dough) Press the to The microwave through the cooking and once. The Turn Food that the food turned the food the to the cooking completed, the microwave to know that finished and the END. To foods: Press the Press the the cooking completed, the microwave to know that finished cooking and the END. To or cookies: Press the to what to The the and preheat the to the Once the preheating reached, the once and to the food the to preheat to preheat to preheat to Press the to The through the cooking and once. The Turn Food that the food turned the food the to the cooking completed, the microwave to that finished cooking and the END. another cooking the Stop/Cancel to clear the and the If to temporarily the process, the Stop/Cancel the once to it and then the to If to cooking process, the Stop/Cancel to
To clean microwave Turn the microwave and the from the the cool completely cleaning the the of the with cloth. You the dirty. cleaning or cleansers as they the of the the of the microwave with cloth. allow to the the and with cloth to or cleanser as the finish. allow the to become cleaning the the slightly to the from turning If or around the with cloth. This when the microwave high Clean the and or the dishwasher. Clean the of the with cloth and To from of with the of and the microwaveable and microwave the cooled, with cloth. Troubleshooting the or home. the closed? the cooking Press the Arcing or cookware? the empty? Incorrect of tried to the of Unevenly cooked foods. cookware? the the the food while the foods completely defrosted? the time/cooking correct? foods. the time/cooking correct? Undercooked foods. cookware? the foods completely defrosted? the time/cooking correct? the clear? defrosting. cookware? the time/cooking correct? or the food the USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN the microwave operates empty? the or without the when the microwave the pre-heat and/or the then it empty. microwave through the of the the bounces the back the cavity. The allow the light to through. Can the food cooked too other cooking to overcook food to the that the food and possibly fire and the of the It to near the when If the food that cooking catches fire, the and the from the DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR foods overcooking. Shorten the cooking or poaching the to the To this, the the recommended microwave cooking allows foods to cooking the microwave cooking The amount of the of the foods. Follow the cooking food that the the of the food affects the cooking
K5345 EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to: U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO LLC This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the contained to without OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 K5345 Appliance purchased of City Printed ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY