Convection Microwave OWNER'S MANUAL K5309H 120V., EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC MA,
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Warning: the information this to the of fire, shock or to property or of using should including the following: instructions the and follow the PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY found of this This grounded. only to properly grounded grounding instructions. this its as this chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory the microwave when empty. with or or the malfunctions or to EURO-PRO LLC examination, or when or cover or the or this or this or or other from heated of or counter. To reduce the of fire the cavity: cook food. the when heating food or from or If the KEEP OVEN DOOR CLOSED the and the or off from the or the microwave products, cooking or food the when heat or other food sealed as they to The of feeding bottles and food should or and the should the of wrist, to burns. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household heated cylindrical-shaped become overheated. The splash with or heating or when coffee, to the and the heating. re-heating. Microwave heating of when the such as coffee, or to overheated the or when the from the THIS COULD RESULT IN VERY HOT LIQUIDS SUDDENLY BOILING OVER WHEN THE CONTAINER IS DISTURBED OR SPOON OR OTHER UTENSIL IS INSERTED INTO THE LIQUID To this from occurring: heat the and through heating heating, allow the to the the when or other the straight-sided with food the microwave and and products such as whole and sealed should heated the microwave heating their shells, whole or closed and should heated the microwave foods with heavy such as whole and heating or bottles. using and such as and become of heat from the heated food. potholders to the from the microwave that cooking microwave WARNING: It other than trained to service or operation which the of cover which protection to microwave 07/06B
PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY to this microwave with the to microwave It to or with the the front and the allow or to GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS This grounded. If it should malfunction or breakdown, of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding The outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. WARNING: of the of shock. with or service as to whether the outlet properly grounded. the with the the This and grounding that the right. that the connected to the as the should with this If to cord, that grounding and that the the The rating of the should to or than the rating of the cord. If the too or serviceman the OR the It that the properly and that there to the: and or or or or cracked) The should or repaired properly service technician. Please supply to reduce the from becoming or cord. their If or used, the rating of the or should least as as the rating of the the grounding-type cord, and the should that the countertop or where pulled or tripped
CONTROL PANEL to Microwave The includes clock and that the of the cooking and the cooking function that selected. cooking Popcorn, Warm, Reheat, M.W. (Microwave) Convection Press the buttons to Microwave Microwave and Convection or Microwave and Convection Memory The Memory allows cooking cooking this to the Defrost and Defrost these to food or Pressing from to cooking to Clock this function to the that appears AM/PM this to whether the A.M. or P.M. Stop/Clear this function to cooking or to clear +30SEC this to the cooking or to seconds of cooking to the cooking process. DIGITAL DISPLAY Turntable Turntable Turntable Assembly Interlock Observation Heating Release the plate and the the
with microwave offers of food options such as microwave cooking and Microwave cooking high-frequency radiation. Microwave cooking the food directly, the cookware or the of the Reheating and defrosting food and food counter to where Microwave distributed COOKING METHOD throughout the thorough HEAT SOURCE Microwave and heated heated Microwave and cookware BENEFITS clean-up. Microwave heat-resistant, cookware microwave However, to the cookware the cookware the microwave with with to Microwave If the cookware then should microwave Convection cooking recommended of products, and crusting or finished and they heat and cakes, or these heat and light, You or cookware. Combination cooking or glass-ceramic recommended. items with as arcing with the or shelf., the shelf or Heat-resistant cookware to F) used, recommended foods that crusting or around browning. Microwave Convection/Grill Combination Non-Heat Heat Microwave-Safe Platic Products Combination: both and microwave cooking to Microwave COMBINATION CONVECTION MICROWAVE Convection cooking of to The to every of the food, browning, and and It around the food that food cooks evenly. Combination cooking Combines the microwave with the to cook with and while and to perfection. The following shows the and the each type of around the food to the food and the Browns and the of foods. food than of microwave and heat to the cooking while and the of the food the Shortened cooking from from heat.
Turntable B* C Turntable Plate (A) and Turntable (B) the Turntable the The should restricted. Both and assembly food and of food the If or turntable assembly cracks or authorized service Microwave sections of the instructions to and first of the that with the of the and first of the microwave to and first that from the protective found the such as the and to the cleaning instructions found the Cleaning Instructions section back the microwave. Warning: Check such as or and or hinges, and the cavity or the If there the service Notes and Microwave the release to the The microwave function when the To the the cooking the Press the Stop/Clear once to the cooking process, or to clear and the cooking process. To cooking the cooking the when the cooking cleared and the microwave operation, and to the cooking process, the microwave to Microwave Turntable COMBINATION CONVECTION/GRILL MICROWAVE C Not Turntable Turntable
Microwave that from the Warning: the microwave such as or and or hinges, and the cavity or the service The microwave to its and the heaviest food to cooked the the where heat, or high or Allow least inches of the top, and back of the cover or the the of the microwave. this microwave other or lighting should this If The the the as specified the rating of higher and fire or other type of causing microwave normally of and the If another or service the microwave without the turntable or turntable plate their the the microwave. that the supply and the or or Microwave with TV or reception. If there interference, reduced or by: Clean and of the the of the or the TV. the microwave outlet that the microwave and the branch the or the TV. This should built cabinetry or mounted or such as the turntable and and completely back the microwave Microwave Child This that operation, such as Once the child cooking To the child and the Stop/Clear hear and the appear the To the and the Stop/Clear hear and the The ready the Clock the microwave connected to the and the once. the clock 12-hour the input within to the clock to Press the Clock the and displayed. Press the the to the clock Press AM/PM to choose AM or PM. If neither AM or PM selected, then AM as Press the Clock to the flash, and the light. this function to to cooking the following or cooking to Defrost or Defrost within the Press to the Press the the to that would to cook Press AM/PM to specify whether the AM or PM. Please that this to the clock the to the right (A.M. and P.M. included). the clock 12-hour the cooking than hours the cooking
Microwave Microwave cooking allows to cook food amount of Press the Microwave the and the the the top and the repeatedly pressing the Microwave the from to Press P100 Once P90 P80 P70 P60 P50 P40 P30 P20 P10 Instructions cooking High Reheating and Reheating cakes, breads, High custards, whole and Defrosting poultry, seafood defrosting Low/Defrost selected the the buttons the to the cooking to cooking of and seconds that closed securely and the to the cooking process. The cooking to count immediately. If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the cooking the microwave to that finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking cooking thin of chops, and of You to and dishes. cooking the The cooking that and seconds). Press the the and the the and G-1 the cooking the the that closed securely and the to the cooking process. The cooking to count immediately.
If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking process, the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to If the to cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the the cooking passed, the and This the to or food and Please that the the first of the then the to the and the the the of the the finished. the function, the than then the the cooking the microwave to that finished. If prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking M.W. M.W. cooking which microwave cooking and Press the the the once the and and G-2 the Press and the microwave and and G-3 the GRILL MICROWAVE DISPLAY PRESS G-2 ONCE G-3 TWICE Press the buttons the to the cooking to cooking of and seconds Instructions that closed securely and the to the cooking process. The cooking to count immediately. If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking process, the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the cooking the to that finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking Convection Convection cooking through the cavity with The constantly surrounds the food that cooking which heats the outer of the food to and the food and evenly. You the to cook and Convection (with preheating) Press once the Convection the and the the and and the to the Convection reached the cooking first the Convection the With each of the Convection the cooking increases Press the to preheating. The the once the microwave reached the and as to the food the
Once the reached and the food the microwave the securely and the the buttons the To the cooking the The cooking to countdown immediately. If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the If to the the cooking the Convection once and the the selected cooking the microwave to that finished. If prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking Convection (without preheating) Press once the Convection the and the the and and the to the Convection reached the cooking first the Convection the With each of the Convection the cooking increases Press the the to the cooking to cooking of and seconds that closed securely and the to the cooking process. The cooking to count immediately. If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking process, the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to Instructions If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the If to the the cooking the Convection once and the the selected cooking the to that finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking M.W. Conv. M.W. Conv. cooking which cooking and Press the M.W.+Conv. the and the the microwave, and and C-1 continually the M.W.+Conv. to reach of and CONVECTION MICROWAVE DISPLAY PRESS C-1 ONCE C-2 TWICE C-3 TIMES C-4 TIMES Press the buttons the to the cooking to of and seconds that closed securely and the to the cooking process. The cooking to count immediately. If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the the To the cooking the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to
If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the If to the the cooking the Convection once and the the selected cooking the to that it finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking Convection cover the or other with It with the flow of that cooks the food. cooking convection-only items. cakes, breads, or other foods, preheating. Preheat the as heatproof cookware when food and cookware from the lightweight or products cooking Defrosting Defrost food from and Press Defrost and the the microwave and and Press the buttons the to the defrosting weight within the of to that closed securely and the to the defrosting process. The defrosting to count immediately. If would to temporarily the defrosting process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the defrosting Instructions You the defrosting the To the defrosting process, the and the If to defrosting process, the Stop/Clear to If the to seconds of defrosting once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the defrosting the microwave to that finished. If defrosting prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking Defrost food from and microwave Press Defrost and the the and and Press the the to the defrosting to of and seconds that securely and the to the defrosting process. The defrosting to count immediately. If to temporarily the defrosting process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the defrosting process. You the defrosting the To the defrosting process, the and the If to defrosting process, the Stop/Clear to If the to seconds of defrosting once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the defrosting the microwave to that finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking
cooking when the or of cooking This to of cooking with microwave and then microwave Press Microwave once to of P100 shown the indicating that the Press the the to the cooking pressing Press Microwave four to of P70 shown the indicating that the Press the the to the cooking that closed securely and the to the cooking The cooking to count immediately. The once the first of and then the If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the cooking the microwave to that finished. If prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking achieved and easily the cooking The to the as cooking To the cooking function: Press of the through and the cooking and count immediately. Instructions If to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking process, the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear If the to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. Press the than once than seconds cooking the microwave to that finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking Memory this to cooking with to of You to three memory To this Press the Memory once and the the or of cooking of cooking follow the Once finished the cooking the Memory to and the to other cooking would the or three the third to of the three the memory selected the or and then the There buttons. Each and and when the there to the because already To these Press the of the buttons. buttons to three to match the of the food with the following Press the to the cooking process. The cooking to countdown immediately.
If would to temporarily the cooking process, the Stop/Clear the once to and then the /+30SEC to the cooking process. You the cooking the To the cooking process, the and the If to cooking process, the Stop/Clear to If the button to seconds of cooking once cooking commenced. You this than once to increase the cooking the microwave to that finished. If cooking prematurely, the Stop/Clear to clear the and the another cooking NUMBER OF MENU EXAMPLE OF DIGITAL DISPLAY DISPLAY PRESSES Auto-Reheat Instructions WEIGHT (with (with (with of the microwave. the microwave. Used the microwave. Used such as coffee, and foods and that to reheated. this cooking the microwave. Auto-Reheat Used reheating foods this cooking fresh this cooking
Cleaning To microwave Press the Stop/Clear to the microwave off and the from the the cool completely cleaning the the of the with cloth. You the dirty. cleaning or cleansers as they the of the microwave the of the microwave with cloth. allow to the the and with cloth to or cleansers as the finish. allow the to become cleaning the the slightly to the from turning If or around the with cloth. This when the high Clean the and or the dishwasher. Clean the of the with cloth and To from of with the of and the microwaveable and microwave the cooled, with cloth. Troubleshooting the or the closed? the cooking Press the button. Arcing or cookware? the empty? Incorrect of to the of Unevenly cooked foods. using cookware? the the the food while the foods completely defrosted? the time/cooking correct? Cleaning Instructions foods. the time/cooking correct? Undercooked foods. cookware? the foods completely defrosted? the time/cooking correct? the clear? cookware? the time/cooking correct? turn or the food the defrosting the microwave empty? the or without the turntable when the the pre-heat and/or the then empty. microwave through the of the the bounces the back the cavity. The allow the light to through. Can the food cooked too other cooking to overcook food to the that the food and possibly fire and the of the It to the when If the food that cooking catches fire, turn the and the from the DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR foods overcooking. Shorten the cooking or poaching the to the To this, the microwave the microwave cooking allows foods to cooking the cooking The amount of the of the foods. Follow the cooking food that the the of the food affects the cooking
POSSIBLE SOLUTION POSSIBLE CAUSE PROBLEM Arcing or Unevenly cooked foods cooking and/or foods and/or Undercooked foods defrosting Troubleshooting to microwave used. The operated when empty. food the cavity. to used. Food defrosted completely. and/or Food turned or to microwave used. Food completely. restricted. and/or correct. to microwave used. and/or correct.. Food turned or the the and instructions. microwave-safe cookware only. with empty. Clean cavity with towel. microwave-safe cookware only. Completely food. cooking and/or Turn or food frequently. microwave-safe cookware only. Completely food. to that restricted. and/or microwave-safe cookware only. cooking and/or Turn or food frequently.
K5309H EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to U.S.: EURO-PRO LLC MA EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase included. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO LLC This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with insure the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications to without Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC MA K5309H Appliance purchased of City State Printed ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD
Copyright LLC