OWNERS MANUAL 120V., F1042 EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
Cord Cool Touch Bracket Compartment Light Cover GETTING TO KNOW YOUR DEEP FRYER IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and assembly other than as indicated recommended the the the with The of accessory or properly assembled to the of the counter or or or heated the and containing or other the when household the instructions.) while using basic should including the following: To shock, or when assembled and to or warranty.) with or or the to EURO-PRO instructions from outlet when or off and cleaning. Allow to cool or or the and cleaning the malfunctions, or LLC examination, or the other the or the SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS cord. from becoming or (or cord) to reduce the recommended with fryers. another high To the the and to allow the to If the the the If This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to only to the outlet the the to with Technical Specifications from 120V., Capacity: REV. 11/05B SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
mount. the back the food the the the heated and the cover. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS below through the top of Therefore only the following from If to the the there of the the cover Heat lowest securely closed while If the cold, there of the the the the the together to the of To the to the Press together OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the from the cover NOT function properly and to the the and the and cover completely with or completely otherwise the of the with DO NOT the thoroughly. the to cloth and thoroughly within the Warning: the cover. the mount food its from the to the as and the the when first. Disconnect the the cooking the off, and allow or and CAREFULLY the food fire, shock or injury. or and hours to or to the cooking the the with the the and the the to cool Warning: the cover from to allow of other mount to allow the food to the as they plate covered with the food from the the food from the the while the cover completely. or to or the the or the to to cooked. injury. of the reach of the the the The light off cooking reaches the To the cover, from and the as the from to allow to the the Turn the to the light empty. the Then the cover The light the and the cover when the the cover completely. the selected heat or or the With with to specified Warning: the Assembling each the the the the and and together. and the to the The attaching when the empty. the when reach of the and the the the cord. The top of the the THIS SIDE UP heat the of the attaching correctly. the to shortening the Warning: It NOT RECOMMENDED or the first and then the If using shortening, the cooking the the cooking of the MIN and MAX the the the This the should from the and shortening which and Previously cooking MAX
OPERATION INSTRUCTIONS thickness of The following cooking the to cooking and the The Please that to and higher foods, French and foods F, the and Turn the counter- clockwise to the too to the while the from the through the of the while It to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Warning: This should below the MAX when when the with food. It Warning: "MAX" recommended that food the to food. the with of the and of It NOT to supply cord. This This to the the to from or pulled or specifically To the the the the that the instructions the THIS SIDE UP the the Break Cord Food French or the the and mount and allow the food to the the cover from and to allow to the completely. Once the from the and the food the recommended when Warning: To or burns, the they The of or the cover or the the when food Mushrooms Onion Apple cooking To the Frying Food reused. to and each the than to to to food with (such as poultry, meat and should regularly. months. or the with completely (approximately hours) cleaning or the cool or and together. Frying with food to to food and from the Warning: food to the such as French should the MAX the Clean off from foods to when food the burns. and should the the food cooking the food the to user should immediately the while to the Warning: o to from the the back to the If the should of the from the operation, the the with the to the THIS SIDE UP the the than and each to hours) to clean or and the cooled (approximately the through The to to To the first the or bottle. To that high from the and foods such as poultry, or other cooled and then the the with the each or the months. To or foaming when heated or when becomes or when as as or or becomes the to food. light indicating the the pre-heated, the reached. the cover the food with or that the food to towel necessary. Thicker to cook. To cook evenly, should the and thickness. from food the overflowing the the Lowering the too and
of cooking chopped RECIPES lightly beaten Apple Clean the cover and with cloth or necessary. The NOT cover. The should when the the cover. and thoroughly. To the type of or to the to the or cleaning the CLEANING INSTRUCTIONS or other cord, or cleaning. the Warning: turn OFF completely hours) and the from the cleaning. Allow the and the to cool Cleaning Instructions Preheat to 375F. Combine and Combine cooking and Combine and from and with or of Fry or and should lowered to thoroughly. and from with of and Serve or of the with to the dishwasher. the with cloth and with cloth instructions this with Please and follow the cover. the the the from the cover dishwasher. the, cord, or or other breasts (optional) or (optional) with then or Preheat to 360F. Beat with or and the and to the Beat to whites. or breasts to lightly brown. Fry to thickness) or and hours. ready to beaten should already lowered Fry to or cooked. ground or please service or Compartment The washed the top of the dishwasher. NEVER the the dishwasher. the cover thoroughly the the seasoning(optional) (optional) to seasoned Preheat to 360F. Combine and seasonings, or Frying preheated Fry to or seasoned and then and cooked.
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer household to the following and Service or ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY F1042 Frying preheated to as with of meat. Press to should the or from the with plastic.Combine onion, and with or brown. To of from cooking of seasoned toothpicks. with beaten Then Chill of least hour or Preheat to 360F. breast of wrap. with to to inch thick. with ease, RECIPES whole boneless, breasts chopped onion If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the to without and included. the apply to to or from to LLC OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY (or chopped onion preheated should already lowered) Turn once to and cook Preheat to 375F. together cornmeal, and (or Combine and to and or food cornmeal Hush City purchased of Appliance to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions EURO-PRO LLC QC H4S 1A7 F1042 Preheat to 375F. from each and to doughnuts. Fry turning once or from and or food slightly with of hand. Punch of each with doughnut of and Serve count of ground Printed and You to doughnut of consistency.