This warranty to from imperfections of the and assembly of the which this warranty of year, to the following and Year Warranty 1104HW 1104HB 1104HG 1104HP 1104HV 1104HB 1104HG 1104HP 1104HV 1104HW OWNERS MANUAL This warranty reasonably and with the accompanying instructions. Needles, and which normally covered this warranty. or from both performance, workmanship and of this the or of this The or breach of or warranty of this This warranty to the purchaser of the and this warranty other and/or warranties. The only responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC relation to the obligations the of this warranty bond. Please include of purchase. repairs or to: OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD EURO-PRO LLC bois H4S 1A7, this acknowledge to and the instructions to the of Please and the within of purchase. The and forth the accompanying instructions. State purchased of City Appliance 1104HB 1104HG 1104HP 1104HV 1104HW EURO-PRO LLC rights EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 Printed
The threaded incorrectly. that the threaded from first the hand to the to the highest Then the foot and the The backwards. the the The threaded incorrectly. Rethread the The This the from The properly battery and to right. The when the On/Off to the On The incorrectly. the that the AC/DC the right with ones. the TROUBLESHOOTING IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS while stitching. It the from the outlet To to when the from the the threading the other user servicing products) the or threading the or when Turn the the then where cord. To the or the or the foot. the instruction The plate the to the causing to or where the such as when covers, the the cord. should followed, instructions this including the following: or properly, and foot from from this from the outlet and/or when to EURO-PRO LLC of the should allow to as toy. as this or or the with burns, fire, shock or to as this this this or the examination, or when or the immediately this only its of and Warning To reduce the of around the To reduce the of using and cleaning. mechanical with recommended the cloth. shock: Used and together. The slowly. AA threads to clear from the Rethread both the and the heavy or too layers of force the to heavy The should hours with The thread the Stop the and the stitching, to Thread Tension section. reduce the of the The SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This household only. REV. 02/06A
NAME OF PARTS the AC/DC Turn the wheel to the to the and the screw. the and the the the with the the right. to the the the the and/or Tighten the screw. its highest responsibly. to the screw. NEEDLE REPLACEMENT the the This to and the platform and the base. the foot and follow the or instructions. the foot. SEWING SLEEVES CAUTION: stretchy might stitches stretch AC/DC (6V, 1A) or AA V) only. It recommended such as terrycloth. Dont the On/Off the as the foot Dont the and the AC/DC the that the the Dont the too
BOBBIN WINDING Thread Threader AC/DC Foot ACCESSORIES the of the when or the the batteries. If the On/Off the On that the On/Off the the cover of the and the AA that the the as Battery the of the when or the the cover. BATTERY INSTALLATION this Thread the following the of thread that the On/Off the threading the the THREADING UPPER THREAD around the section of the thread following the numbered the release the and the the of the thread from the thread and counter clockwise the thread counter clockwise around the Press the to the Press the and the the to the the the thread around the of thread the from the the To Thread
or the counter clockwise the thread and the thread and to its highest the the back and them together the the the that the On/Off the Press the cover release and both threads to the of the thread with right and the the cover. the cover. 3-inch foot. REPLACING THE BOBBIN correctly the and the threads and the the of the below.) the thread while TENSION ADJUSTMENT the thread counter clockwise If the thread the top of the becomes straight to balanced stitch. below.) clockwise to stitch. straight the thread of the becomes If the thread the below.) the depressed, the This the this the To the the SETTING THE SEWING SPEED High
STITCH LENGTH ADJUSTMENT REVERSE SEWING foot and the to the thread the thread from the to the highest the to the highest the the Gently the On/Off to the to the foot. Turn the wheel to the Press the On/Off to the On foot and the and to the straight. Turn the wheel to the finishing the the foot. SEWING to the which length. The stationary the to the right, the of the stitch three stitch to stitches the of and to the to the right, the stitch as this to the stitch of Turn the stitch the to the the stitch You from three stitch and three the farthest to the right the length. This the This strengthen seams. To the stitch length: the this switch to the light On. Press the switch If light the light to WORK LIGHT