Round With EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of purchase when household If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included.* ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KC243S OWNERS MANUAL 120V., KC243S The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to or This warranty rights, and other rights which from to EURO-PRO LLC purchase information, and what the with the (as with and with item to to products, therefore the include of purchase and to to item covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to to without NY Printed
ounces each) beans, COOKING RECIPES IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS onion, chopped Traditional Beans basic should including the following: ground tbs the switch "On" when the changes, such as other than insulated heat foods the heated the its and cools and cover from to the of the and allow to and On where heat or while this as this switching to the housing. recommended. malfunction. cord, or of the of or or injury. cook directly housing. when moving containing food, to the from when directly heated OFF, then the heated malfunctions or The and as this the cracking. To shock, with or off and and cleaning. Allow to cool instructions To the to The of accessory or when or or or other or or the examination, or the and the cord. EURO-PRO LLC recommended the counter, or cleaning the the as the crack. them with or other or and cook heat to hours (or high heat hours to hours or consistency. cooked white ounces) ounces) ground (or to of with cooking and cooker. Cover and cook heat to hours or with and Serve back This supply to reduce cord. the from becoming or the countertop or where they that should least as as the with the pulled children or tripped The rating of the rating of the its of cooker with cooking from shallow cooker. and cook heat Layers and onion Cover and cook heat to or from cooker. and and 4-inch hour. chopped onions, (or to than the other). This WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this If the the the If to the the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR SLOW COOKER COOKING RECIPES ground (or to onion, chopped the cook to hours or High to the wing to inches from the together the onion, garlic, and cooking the and off and each wing the heat each or to the to hours. with garlic, minced cooking chopped fresh ounces) (I onion, chopped finely chopped or broth (attached to housing Technical Specifications 120V., Housing heat to hours or Cover and cook high heat to or each with and and cook ounces) uncooked from
together the and the Heat the sections of this and follow the instructions cranberry Spiced Cherry the first the cover and the To First Clean The Unit Thoroughly housing or other AC and thoroughly. High hours. cranberry High hour and allow to Turn to to Serve directly from of celery celery, thinly onion, chopped the cook with the cover and the that of the the cooking CAUTION: when to as this might the to crack. the the when cooking cleaning, allow to cool completely. The withstand the shock of cooking meat and the the of the or Thaw or the and the celery, onion and Turn to about to hours or ready to Serve with chips, the Turn lightly greased cook High, about every the cauliflower, celery and radishes. of to chopped food should when the high cooking the of the the cooking and the to food food the the as food when cooked the The cooker with wrap-around food cooks below cooking of the wrap-around food to without overcooking or when using this HI The high heat when or cooking beans and cook off and there to of which and high of and the LOW The heat food of the This the that KEEP WARM The holding the This should only thoroughly cooked. If food heated or high and then switched with of and re-heating. with the to the thoroughly the and coarsely chopped. the around the of the Stoneware. Cover and the to the cooker. and cook High to hours the the top with Monterey and food the and smooth and creamy. the and heating High or the and or hearts, or fresh Monterey grated light WARNING: Not
High or Warm) It to the the outlet and switch to the cooking to the cooker. the amount of and other factors. the cooking reference to the food the and cover with the cover. Repeatedly the cover the the to instructions. GETTING TO KNOW YOUR LITTLE COOKER or that and should cooker turned the first heating of the the cooker. The to This to the attached to the heating. finished, to and the You the the The cover and the cloth or to them. to burns. the cover from there the cover. cook the below C or F. and cover cool completely Removing and Housing OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS U.S. 120V., Capacity: Technical Specifications The of the housing of the the cover, that the from to The the the or to the the The cover and the cloth or to them to CAUTION: that the from the cleaning. with cloth. with You foods, the with the around the Clean the housing with it the top of DO NOT IMMERSE or cloth. cooker, the cord, lightly with scouring to the cleansers or allow to cool and allow to To stubborn, cooked or the dishwasher. other cleaning. This HOUSEHOLD USE that of the the and The withstand IMMERSE or other with cloth the of the shock of 120V AC NOT cooker as this might cooking Allow CAUTION: when the to cool completely cleaning. cook with the to first the the cooker when the ONLY and the DO NOT to the to the to crack. the cooking other type of the dishwasher. AC thoroughly. allow the food to cook. It to overcook food however the cooking accordingly. this the when using the or of the instructions indicating the as as the contained within this cooked of the to easily the amount of and increasing the cooking considerably. the below cooking and when Traditional hours LOW hours hours LOW hours LOW
Meat Poultry least to hours LOW. meat the the cover and overnight. The of the cooker tight the should If cooking or stews, 2-inch the top of the when the first the onions, meat cooking of the foods. If too the the cover beans hours high then cook when cooking high, the of the cooking cover, the to the or this heat cook without the cooking and cooking You the the cleansers or scouring when cleaning the the morning, the the and the high, and reduce the This or foods cooker. them first. when the containing foods. the base, or of the The should least cooker. Thaw meat or or other the of the cooker. the without the and the food that the to or while the and with the the chipped or cracked. the or microwave. from meat or Touch with and first to occasionally. the cover DO NOTs NEVER to the the and the the high or the reduces the this, to the of food cooking To amount. Food food should cooked with the the both the These and heat and the food should approximately Amounts or when the or when the high High Heat *The cooking should ONLY as It recommended that thermometer to the to the food completely cooked. Soup To stubborn, cooked foods, the with and allow to lightly with CAUTION: that the from the and the cleaning. cleansers or scouring to clean the or the and and household and thoroughly. Cleaning allow to cleaning. cooker, the the around the The and washed the dishwasher. should to or crack the or Clean the housing only with cloth. NOT the housing, or or other