OWNERS MANUAL 120V., KC255E EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR SLOW COOKER IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the switch "On" when the such as other than insulated heat foods the heated the its operation and cools and cover from to the of the and On where heat and allow to or while this as this switching to the housing. recommended. malfunction. EURO-PRO should including the following: cord, or of the of or from outlet when or injury. cook directly housing. when to the containing food, heated directly heated OFF, then the malfunctions or The and To shock, with as this the cracking. and cleaning. Allow to cool or off and instructions To the to The of accessory or when or or or other or or the examination, or the and the cord. recommended the EURO-PRO LLC counter, or cleaning the the as the crack. them with or other or (attached to housing Housing This supply to reduce cord. the from becoming or the countertop or where they that should least as as the with the pulled or tripped The rating of the rating of the its Technical Specifications SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household 120V., than the other). This outlet WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this If the the the If to the the 06/03C
the amount of and other factors. the cooking reference to the High or Warm) It to the the outlet and switch to the cooking to the food the and with the cover. to instructions. the sections of this and follow the instructions cook with the cover and the that of the cover the cooking the first the cover and the To Clean The Unit Thoroughly housing or other AC and thoroughly. The and the cloth or the cover from there to them. to burns. the cover. finished, to and the You the the cook the below C or F. Repeatedly the cover the the and cover cool completely as this might the to CAUTION: when to crack. the the cooker when cooking cleaning, allow The withstand the shock of to cool completely. cooking and the meat the of the meat or Thaw meat or the cover, that the from to the The of the housing of the or to the The cover and the cloth or to them Cover and food should when the high cooking the of the the cooking and the to food food the the as food when cooked the unnecessary. food cooks below The with wrap-around cooking of the wrap-around food to without overcooking or when using this The high heat when or cooking and cook HI off and there to of which and high of and the LOW The heat food of the This the that KEEP WARM The holding the This should WARNING: thoroughly cooked. If food heated or high and then switched with of and re-heating. with the to the The the the
when using cooker. cooking high, to occasionally. The cover of the tight the the cover this heat should the cook without the cooking of the foods. If too the of the cooking cover, the to high, and reduce the This accordingly. Each this instructions indicating the overcook food the cooker, when using the or as as the cooking to of the within this cooked allow the food to cook. It to of the however the cooking easily the amount of and increasing the cooking considerably. the below cooking and when to cooking You the the overnight. the the the the cover and and the meat the Thaw meat or Meat Poultry least to hours LOW. If cooking or stews, 2-inch the top of the and the food that the to The should least These food should cooked with the Each the both the heat and the food should and Amounts Traditional hours LOW hours hours LOW hours LOW when the first cooking and the onions, meat and first non-stick the or or while DO NOTs hours high then cook the when the containing foods. the and with from meat or this, to the of the the high or the food cooking cooker, To the the and reduces the amount. Food or foods cooker. them first. cleansers or scouring when cleaning the the base, or of the or other the of the the without the the the chipped or cracked. the or microwave. NEVER or when the or when the high Hours Hours High Heat Touch with recommended that thermometer to the to *The cooking should ONLY as It the food completely cooked. Hours Soup
High hours. cranberry High hour and allow to Turn to to Serve directly from together the and the Heat the cooker cranberry Spiced Cherry and the cleaning. CAUTION: that the from the the and and household and thoroughly. cleansers or scouring to the or Cleaning allow to cool cleaning. of celery to chopped celery, thinly onion, chopped and allow to lightly with To stubborn, cooked foods, the with cooker, the the around the should to or crack the or The and washed the dishwasher. Clean the housing with cloth. NOT the housing, or or other the and the celery, onion and Turn to about to hours or ready to Serve with chips, the Turn lightly greased cook High, about every the celery and radishes. and or hearts, of or fresh Monterey grated light thoroughly the artichokes and coarsely chopped. the around the of the Stoneware. and the to the and cook High to hours the the top with Monterey and food the and smooth and creamy. the and heating High or the
Cover and cook heat to hours (or high heat hours to hours or consistency. ounces each) onion, chopped ground tbs Traditional Beans ground (or to onion, chopped garlic, minced cooking cooked white ounces) ground (or to the cook to hours or High together the onion, garlic, and cooking to hours. coated with to the wing to inches from the the and off and each the heat each or to the cooker. Directions: of with cooking and Cover and cook heat to hours or with and Serve Directions: chopped onions, back (or to tbs ounces) tomatoes, celery chopped fresh ounces) (I onion, chopped finely chopped or broth uncooked of with cooking from Cover and cook heat Layers and onion and cook heat to hours or from and and 4-inch heat to hours or and cook high heat to or each with and cooker. and cook
to the the of the item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications Please and the within of purchase. EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer Service or If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or it free of charge. of purchase The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which and what the with the (as covered warranty). The to the of this acknowledge to and the RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, QC, H4S 1A7 and to cover the of and included.* or to or instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD to without from to household apply to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KC255E Appliance purchased of City Printed KC255E