Another from
R12373210 TA10943209 R60033210
that the from and the switch "O". when the and or
The of the the of the
Turn switch to off when carrying of the "O" operations!
threads and and thicker threads heavy thread and of which the thread and Turn switch to off. when carrying of the operations! "O")
the switch the the and the turn. To the switch to the right
Turn switch to off ("O") or the
It to the threading correctly as
Turn switch to the off ("O").
MODE
The Direct and
The overcasting foot should to with and and the stitch than It that the foot and when other and
It to first.
buttonhole of the type of
PUSH NOTE PUSH PUSH buttonhole LCD the to to the buttonhole Gently feed the hand. the stitch the
PUSH finishing the stitch, LCD the to to the warning
It that interfacing the of the NOTE
If thin thread used, the stitching If this the top of the other.
NOTE NOTE
PUSH lowering the foot, the front of the foot, otherwise the with the buttonhole or LCD screen the to to the
inch foot should straight stitch only. It that the foot and when other
thin that interfacing the of the
QUILTING
It the foot and gather lowering the to below and the thread to gather the
motion accomplished without the internal feed of the the It to and of
to first without the foot accessory which should only when necessary.
PATCHWORK STITCHING PATCHWORK STITCHING
The and
combined with other
the "T" foot of what of the of other the or the easily possibly that the threads to thread the of the You or with slowly, and to to stitching.
selecting from combined and together. This of memory and each of stitches. memory. the the memory edited to its function such as Stitch length, Stitch and Auto-lock. MODE
the memory the with of the to The selected cleared from the memory closing the the when completed selection.
The stitch length, stitch and of the manually.
If the the the from the first If the the from that
If the please the the thread the the from and the foot the switch the completely. to the to the on/off switch to the OFF and then ON The the
Turn the switch off and the cooled touching PUSH
the from the cleaning the and otherwise or shock the from the outlet carrying
021D3B0101 (C)( EURO-PRO 9110(9000B)