Congratulations! You the of the To the of please to the and the instructions easy reference. Please the warranty and the Toaster and Instructions EP325
basic should followed, including the following: instructions or To shock, or or other when or from outlet when and cleaning. Allow to cool or off with or or the malfunctions, or the to EURO-PRO LLC examination, or EURO-PRO LLC first servicing. warranty. The of accessory recommended the the of the counter or or or or heated other than foods, or as they of fire or shock. items or to toasted the toaster, as this or fire. torn, or of the as these the 15.A fire covered or touching including and the when operation. first attempting to food that the toaster. to food with when cover or of with This overheating and of fire. with and provided. the supply around the toaster, the the base. when SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY SPECIAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS This to reduce of becoming or cord. the rating of the to or than the rating of the only rated or to the that or where pulled or tripped This than the other). To reduce the of shock, this to outlet If the the the If to the IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS
Browning Reheat Reheat Light Defrost Toaster EP325 V~, W. Defrost Light On Light Cool Touch Warmer Warmer
This with to performance. to thick of thermostat heating off toaster. Safety-Lift to of toast, instantly toasting without Defrost and Warming to easy and from light to Cord easy A. that and the IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS section. B. and from the to that or REMOVING, CLEANING AND REPLACING THE CRUMB TRAY section C. cloth, the from the of toaster. D. to from the process, the toaster should heated the highest (with the toaster empty). E. Toaster should the the first light appear. This completely and the
the toaster firm, from (such as of or thickness inch.) Select the of toasting the Browning the lightest and the Should that the that selected too the and the Browning the Browning toasting NOT the of browning. the and the the the supply. On Light light the toasting completed, the items such as English the to allow these items to toasting completed. Should that the Browning too the the Browning and the and On Light You MUST the when the Browning the Toasting the toaster the If to the finished, the to the from the outlet and cool thoroughly cleaning and/or The the to the supply. Relatively of or that already toasted once, become and catch fire. the to toasting the of and toaster food or toaster with frosting or that the and or the of fire. or foil-wrapped foods as they the or the of fire or shock Should of become the the the fire To the the and cool thoroughly. the item without touching the heating to from the toaster. Browning Light to Toaster
Please that when toasting the from type to another toasting If slightly than normally would. fresh or whole wheat higher than Breads with (such as English toasting toasting or other from the the toaster. This them from the or sticking to the wires the products cakes, than and should toasted the Thick of to thickness) of torn, or of as these the and catch fire. Defrosting: The Defrost to first and then the this slightly the toasting toaster of toaster, the Browning to and thinner items such as Toaster and Thicker items such as and thick French Toast. Press the and the On Light Press the Defrost Defrost Light first, and then right toasting the Defrost/Toasting the the bread. If to the finished, the to the from the outlet and cool thoroughly cleaning and/or Reheating: Press the and On Light Press once. Reheat Light the Reheating to allow items to easily Reheating completed. the from the outlet and cool thoroughly cleaning and/or You to the Browning this Warning: to from toaster.
Warmer The Warmer to which become or to or that too to the or to browning, the half. or should completely cover the top, allow flow. food such as plates or top of the Warmer Warmer the food the Warmer the Browning to or Press the The On Light completed, the crisp/warm food from the Warmer the Warmer the Warmer when finished using and toasting. The Warmer should the when toasting the the while heating the Warmer finished the the from the and cool thoroughly cleaning and Warning: the while heating the Warmer
Canceling If, anytime, to through the operation, the This the Defrosting, Reheating as as when the Warmer the Browning To the the Browning first the the Browning and then with the Toasting or Defrosting Cleaning the the from the outlet and allow to cool thoroughly. Gently the and from the toaster. of the the from the with thoroughly the back the toaster. Gently the back its the without the cover the or other of the with To to the heating NEVER or cleaning the of the toaster. Empty the Warning: the and catch fire
from that completely cool cleaning. should cleaned every Cleaning the or cleaning wiped with cloth and thoroughly. If necessary, to the cloth directly to the toaster. toaster or other allow to the while toaster used. This the the of toaster. the from the outlet and the cool thoroughly. Turn the its and the around the Cord
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of years from the of purchase when household If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC. service or If the found EURO-PRO LLC to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included.* The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC, to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 Appliance purchased of City State EP325 ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY