With OWNERS MANUAL 120V., KC275 EURO-PRO LLC MA, COPYRIGHT EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC
and should turned the first heating of the the cooker. The to This to the heating. PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKER GETTING TO KNOW YOUR or that attached to the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS should followed, including the following: SHOCK, the shock, this to CAUTION: the and allow to back the the If WARNING! TO PREVENT ELECTRIC from to the the NOT the outlet NOT cooker to WARNING: To reduce the of the as this than the other). This cook directly housing. where heat and the "On" when and the On insulated heat recommended If the the and this the such as or heated or other cleaning. malfunction. To of shock, or cleaning. Allow to containing or other The and when the cord, or directly heated as this or off and of the the and the CAUTION: necessary This household The of accessory first and then or or the to EURO-PRO when and or LLC examination and malfunctions or or heated when from or other them with or or the To the turn the from the or counter, or with recommended the the to crack. instructions cleaning the its or cord. only. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS The rating of the that or cord. with the the or where This to reduce the from becoming they pulled children or should least as as the rating of the FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS tripped its Selector "On" Light Decrease Increase LCD Screen Technical Specifications Housing Stop from 120V., REV. 11/03D If the the the If than the other). This outlet WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this to the the
immediately and the On' light the increase to and the heat hours and then The counting the Once selected the cooking expired, of twenty-four hours. P-On and then Press the once "Count to Press the and then To the cooking off. The cleared the once and then the operation, the Warm" the "STOP" and the and the LCD cooking the then the The the Warm" hours and If the You hear process, the Once this passed, "HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW or KEEP light It If to the cooking once and to the STAND_BY and heat to the cooking to back "Stand-By" the to increase thirty to "HIGH". WARM". off. the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS This HOUSEHOLD USE other type of ONLY and 120V AC protective cooking meat and The withstand meat or Follow recommended cooking the shock of the and the cooking Allow the to cool completely cleaning. combination, the meat the of the the that heated with housing to first the the when the Thaw meat or cook with the reheat foods the the to food finished and the of the and thoroughly. of foods. or countertop. cooking AC thoroughly. the First PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKER FEATURES OF 7-QUART High, or Pressing this the cooking that SETTING BUTTON Warm. heat and cooking or The LCD the LCD DISPLAY SCREEN as this might CAUTION: when to the the to crack. Pressing this increase the cooking TIME INCREASE the cooking Pressing this TIME DECREASE this pressed. It cooking and counting The cooking when and counting or START BUTTON Pressing this the cooking and STOP BUTTON stand-by This (red) when POWER ON LIGHT the
cooking overnight. the and the and You the the the the the and Meat Poultry least to meat or meat the cooker. Thaw hours LOW. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the or when or when using the high High Heat Food accordingly. this allow the food when the or as within this cooked instructions indicating the to cook. It to of the overcook food cooker, however cooking as the cooking To OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The of the housing of the and other factors. The and the cloth or the cooking reference the the the outlet and the You or to below 41F or the cook the Repeatedly the and cover the the that the from and cool to them. to to the to the finished, the "Stop" the and the and the and food the It amount of the cooking process. completely to burns. to the with the the cooking 5C. then beans hours high cook the from meat or cooking and the onions, meat and when the first first non-stick Hours Hours Soup of and increasing the cooking easily the amount considerably. the below cooking and when To the and with or the or while containing foods. when the DO NOTs ONLY as It recommended *The cooking should that thermometer to the to the food completely cooked. should the The of the heat cook this tight the the without the cover hours LOW hours These and Traditional hours LOW hours LOW the the cooker without the or foods them first. the chipped or cracked. scouring when cleaning the cleansers or the or microwave. NEVER cooking high, to normally when occasionally. reduce the This foods. If too the of the cooking cover, the to high, and cooking of the food should cooked with the should both the heat and the food Each the the cooker, and the the the To this, to high or the of food cooking the reduces the amount. Amounts Touch with or other the of the the base, or of the or other and the food that the 2-inch the top of the If cooking or stews, food allowed to The should least
High hours. cranberry High hour and allow to Turn to to Serve directly from together the and the Heat of cranberry of the COOKING RECIPES Spiced Cherry should to The and or crack the or washed the dishwasher. Clean the housing with cloth. DO NOT the housing, or or other CLEANING MAINTENANCE from the and CAUTION: that the the cleaning. the and and and thoroughly. allow to cool cleaning. the to the and cook High to hours thoroughly the artichokes and coarsely chopped. the around the of the Stoneware. Cover and the the top with Monterey and food the and smooth and creamy. the and and heating High or the or hearts, of or fresh Monterey grated light the the around the foods, the with lightly with and allow to To stubborn, cooked cleansers or scouring to the or Cover and cook heat to (or high heat hours to hours or consistency. ounces each) beans, onion, chopped ground Tbsp Traditional Beans
COOKING RECIPES whole, fresh white onion, chopped breasts to garlic, broth Tbsp Tbsp COOKING RECIPES corn, (optional) chopped onion, onion, finely chopped broth coarsely ground onion Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Football of the onions and then top the with the with onions the of the the breasts top and cook hours or hours High chopped onion, back Tbsp and and cover with onion and and cook cooked chopped onion, broth, C heat to the hours or hours High of the Top with onions and cooker. of with cooking from Cover and cook heat to hours or from and and shallow 4-inch Layers and onion cooker. and cook heat hour. and to cover and cook meat to and meat and to heat, hours or high hours thoroughly 1-inch Worcestershire celery onions, garlic, minced broth
cooked shelled and cleaned onions, coarsely chopped and and garlic, minced whole celery,sliced white whole Tbsp COOKING RECIPES the and off and each the inches from the heat each or to the wing to brown. to the cooker. onion, chopped garlic, minced cooking ground COOKING RECIPES to the and thoroughly. Cover and cook hours or High hours. One hour to High and evenly. to the of the the heat, the Directions: together the onion, garlic, and cooking the cook to hours or High to hours. coated with and and cook heat to hours or and cook high heat to or ounces) celery chopped fresh onion, chopped (I finely chopped or broth uncooked each with the unheated of inches from the off and wing each wing heat about or the turning once. to cooker. or bottled Ranch bottled bottled Tbsp with Combine and and cook to hours or High to hours. Serve with Ranch or
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR LITTLE COOKER using or that and should turned the first heating of the the cooker. The to This to the attached to the heating. round to 3/4-inch thick) French onion white onion, stuffing or fresh COOKING RECIPES French Onion Housing OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS U.S. 120V., Capacity: Technical Specifications Cover and cook to hours or and to High. and cook or stuffing to stuffing top of Increase heat or and of the from the onion the cooker; layers. the of the and stuffing of seasoning with and cook Directions: with cloth. DO NOT IMMERSE or other CAUTION: that the from the cleaning. with You the top of the dishwasher. allow to cool cleaning. This HOUSEHOLD USE other type of ONLY and 120V AC that of the the and The withstand IMMERSE or other with cloth the of DO NOT cooker the shock of as this might cooking Allow CAUTION: when the to cool completely cleaning. cook with the to first the the when the to the DO NOT to the the to crack. the cooking dishwasher. AC thoroughly. the First the the of the the or and the and cook hours or High hours and finely chopped (optional) or Apple foods, the with lightly with and allow to To stubborn, cooked the around the Clean the housing with cloth. the cord, cleansers or scouring to clean the or
EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or The of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD Service or RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, QC, H4S 1A7 FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY to without the apply to forth the accompanying instructions. and included.* to or to or household ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KC275 Appliance KC275 purchased of City Printed