OWNERS MANUAL 120V., KC275W EURO-PRO LLC MA, Copyright EURO-PRO LLC
and should the first heating of the the The to This to the heating. PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKER GETTING TO KNOW YOUR or that using attached to the IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS basic should including the following: SHOCK, the CAUTION: the and allow to back the WARNING! TO PREVENT ELECTRIC from to NOT the them with the as this cook directly housing. where heat The and and the "On" when and the On insulated heat recommended and this the such as or heated or other cleaning. malfunction. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY To of shock, or cleaning. Allow to cool containing or other when directly heated as this or off and of the cord, or the the and the CAUTION: This household The of accessory first and then or or the to EURO-PRO outlet when and or malfunctions or LLC examination and or heated when from or other or or the To the the from the or counter, or with recommended the the to crack. instructions cleaning the its or cord. only. they or cord. should least as as the with the the or The rating of the This to SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS reduce the from becoming that tripped rating of the its where children or Selector "On" Light Decrease Increase LCD Technical Specifications Housing Stop from 120V., REV. 04/04C than the other). This outlet WARNING To reduce the of shock, this to the the If the the the If
immediately and the On' light the increase to and the heat The counting the Once selected the cooking expired, of twenty-four hours. passed, P-On and then Press the once "Count to Press the and then To the cooking off. The cleared the once and then the operation, the the "STOP" and the and the LCD cooking the hours and then Warm" the cooking The the If the Warm" You hear process, the Once this passed, "HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW or KEEP light It If to the cooking once and to the to the cooking to STAND-BY and heat back "Stand-By" the to increase thirty hours and then off. to "HIGH". WARM". the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS protective The withstand or Follow recommended cooking the shock of cooker. heated with the and the cooking Allow the to cool completely cleaning. as this might of the the CAUTION: when housing that meat the of the the when the Thaw or the cook with the to first the reheat foods the to the food finished the the to crack. and the cooking meat and and thoroughly. of foods. or countertop. cooking AC thoroughly. This HOUSEHOLD USE other type of ONLY and 120V AC the First PROGRAMMABLE SLOW COOKER FEATURES OF 7-QUART High, or Pressing this the cooking that SETTING BUTTON Warm. heat and cooking or The LCD the LCD DISPLAY SCREEN Pressing this increase the cooking TIME INCREASE the cooking Pressing this TIME DECREASE this pressed. It cooking and counting The cooking when cooking and counting or START BUTTON Pressing this the cooking and STOP BUTTON stand-by This (red) when POWER ON LIGHT the
cooking overnight. the morning, cooker and the and You the the the the the cover and Meat Poultry least to meat or meat the cooker. Thaw hours LOW. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the or when or when the high High Heat Food accordingly. Each this allow the food when the or as within this cooked contained instructions indicating the to cook. It to of the overcook food however cooking as the cooking To OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The of the housing of the and other factors. The and the cloth or the cooking reference the the the outlet and the You or to below 41F or the cook the Repeatedly the and the the that the from and cool to them. to to the to the finished, the "Stop" the and the and the and food the It amount of the cooking process. completely to burns. to the with the the cooking 5C. then hours high cook the from meat or cooking and the onions, meat and when the first first ONLY as It recommended *The cooking should that thermometer to the to the food completely cooked. Hours Hours Soup of and increasing the cooking easily the amount considerably. the below cooking and when To the and with or the or while containing foods. when the DO NOTs should the The cover of the heat cook cover this tight the the without the cover hours LOW hours These and Traditional hours LOW hours LOW the the cooker without the or foods them first. the chipped or cracked. scouring when cleaning the cleansers or the or microwave. NEVER cooking high, to normally when using occasionally. reduce the This foods. If too the of the cooking cover, the to high, and cooking of the The should least food should cooked with the should both the heat and the food the the cooker, and the the the To this, to high or the of food cooking the reduces the amount. Amounts Touch with or other the of the the base, or of the cooker or other and the food that the 2-inch the top of the If cooking or stews, food allowed to
High hours. cranberry High hour and allow to Turn to to Serve directly from together the and the cooker. Heat of cranberry of the COOKING RECIPES Spiced Cherry should to The and or crack the or the dishwasher. Clean the housing only with cloth. DO NOT the housing, or or other CLEANING MAINTENANCE from the and CAUTION: that the the cleaning. the and and and thoroughly. allow to cool cleaning. and or hearts, of or fresh Monterey grated light the the around the foods, the with lightly with and allow to To stubborn, cooked cleansers or scouring to the or the to the and cook High to hours thoroughly the and coarsely chopped. the around the of the Stoneware. Cover and the the top with Monterey and food the and smooth and creamy. the and heating High or the Directions: and cook heat to hours (or high heat hours to hours or consistency. ounces each) beans, onion, chopped ground Tbsp Traditional
COOKING RECIPES whole, fresh white onion, chopped breasts to garlic, broth Tbsp Tbsp COOKING RECIPES corn, (optional) chopped onion, onion, finely chopped broth coarsely ground onion Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Tbsp Football of the onions and then top the with the with onions the of the the breasts top and cook hours or hours High Directions: chopped onion, back Tbsp and and with onion and Cover and cook cooked chopped onion, broth, C heat to the hours or hours High of the hour. Top with onions and Directions: of with cooking from Cover and cook heat to hours or from and cooker. and shallow 4-inch Layers and onion cooker. and cook heat 1-inch Worcestershire celery onions, garlic, minced broth and to cover and cook meat to and meat and to heat, hours or high hours thoroughly
to the and thoroughly. Cover and cook hours or High hours. One hour to High and to the of the the heat, cooked shelled and cleaned onions, coarsely chopped and and garlic, minced whole celery,sliced white whole the Tbsp COOKING RECIPES COOKING RECIPES onion, chopped garlic, minced cooking ground together the onion, garlic, and cooking the and off and wing each wing the the cook to hours or inches from the heat each or High to hours. with to the wing to to the cooker. and and cook heat to hours or Cover and cook high heat to or ounces) celery chopped fresh ounces) onion, chopped (I finely chopped or broth uncooked each with Tbsp the unheated of from the off and wing each wing heat about or the turning once. to cooker. or bottled Ranch bottled bottled Tbsp with Combine and and cook to hours or High to Serve with Ranch or
EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of purchase when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD Service or RETURN TO EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC, QC, H4S 1A7 FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY to without the apply to forth the accompanying instructions. and included.* to or to or household ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KC275W round to 3/4-inch thick) French onion white onion, stuffing or fresh COOKING RECIPES French Onion and cook to hours or and to High. Cover and cook or stuffing to stuffing top of cooker. Increase heat or and of the from the onion the layers. the of the and stuffing of seasoning with and cook the the of the the or and the Cover and cook hours or High hours and finely chopped (optional) or Apple Appliance KC275W purchased of City Printed