QT OWNERS MANUAL 120V., KC281 CAUTION: EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC USA: QC H4S 1A7 NY Cleaning or and follow its and using this cooker, this Instructions.
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 U.S.: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY KC281 IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS than the other). This as this and as or such On where heat and the from cook directly housing. the outlet If to the NOT housing insulated heat shock, this SHOCK, the the "On" when the or other the allow to back the CAUTION: the WARNING! TO PREVENT ELECTRIC NOT cooker to WARNING: To reduce the of to and the the and this the If the or other cleaning. recommended malfunction. heated when and from the with To of shock, its cleaning. Allow to cool or off and cleaning or injury. or to EURO-PRO LLC first and then the containing or other The and when directly heated as this basic the cord, or the of the and the cord. CAUTION: This household The of accessory malfunctions or or the or or should followed, when from or other or or the them with To the or counter, or recommended the the to crack. instructions heated examination and including the following: or the only. or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO and included. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations it the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. states/provinces the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications contained to without should least as as the the or where they The rating of the that or cord. pulled children or tripped with the This to reduce the from becoming rating of the its SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Please and within of purchase. The to the discovered. this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO: EURO-PRO Corporation, H4S 1A7 PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD FOR CANADIAN CONSUMERS ONLY FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY NAME AND ADDRESS OF STORE: PURCHASER: DATE OF PURCHASE: MODEL: SERIAL NO: ADDRESS: KC281 Printed than the other). This WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this If the the the If REV. to the the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
and should turned the first heating of the the The to This to the heating. GETTING TO KNOW YOUR QT SLOW COOKER COOKING RECIPES or that attached to the round to 3/4-inch thick) onion white onion, stuffing or fresh French Onion and cook to hours or and onion the layers. the of the and to High. and cook additional or stuffing or and of the from the cooker; to stuffing top of cooker. Increase heat stuffing of seasoning with and cook Directions: and or Apple (attached to housing Technical Specifications Housing the the of the the or and the Cover and cook hours or High hours finely chopped (optional) from 120V.,
cooked shelled and cleaned COOKING RECIPES the sections of this and follow the instructions onions, coarsely chopped and and celery,sliced the first the cover and the cook with the cover and the that of the cover the cooking To First Clean The Unit Thoroughly housing or other AC and thoroughly. to the and thoroughly. and cook hours or High hours. One hour to High and evenly. to the of the the heat, the garlic, minced whole white whole The withstand the shock of cooking meat and the the of the the cooker when cooking cleaning, allow to cool completely. as this might the to CAUTION: when to crack. the or Thaw meat or chopped onion the of the the cooking and the to food The cooker with wrap-around unnecessary. food cooks below cooking of the wrap-around food to off and there to of which and the This the that with of meat. The holding the should only WARNING: Not thoroughly This If food heated or high switched to and then WARM cooked. the of without overcooking LOW The heat or when this and re-heating. food garlic, coriander, and meat from cooker and shred. to and To cooker, meat, onion, meat tortillas, and and cook hours or High hours. cheese-shredded, ounces) tomatoes, fresh minced ground ground the beans and cook food the the Food should and when using the high high of food when cooked the HI The high heat cooking when or cooking with the
meat or cooking Allow to cool completely cleaning. heated with the cooker when the withstand the shock of cooker. Thaw meat or reheat foods the protective the to Follow recommended cooking food finished The or countertop. of foods. This HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY and 120V AC other type of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS COOKING RECIPES the First cooking meat and as this might the and the CAUTION: when the the meat the of the the that to first the housing cook with the to the the to crack. and the of the and thoroughly. cooking AC thoroughly. onion, chopped garlic, minced ground together the onion, garlic, and cooking the and cook to hours or High to hours. coated with the and off and wing each the from the heat each or to the wing to brown. to the cooker. cooking or broth fresh ground Onion Soup onions hours. and bowls. with and onions with clear onions cooker and top with of or slightly. when from toasted white
COOKING RECIPES OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS breasts chopped or when the or using the high STIRRING FOOD GUIDE TO SLOW COOKING High Heat BASIC COOKING TIME GUIDE allow the food when the or as within this cooked of cooking accordingly. the however instructions indicating the to cook. It to this overcook food as the cooking with and and cook hours or high hours together and the onion, and parsley. the the and cook hour high. chopped onion of and increasing the cooking easily the amount considerably. the below cooking and when beaten to the food completely ONLY as It recommended *The cooking should that thermometer to the Hours Hours Hours Hours Soup GUIDE TO SLOW COOKING of and onion chopped broth white or fresh ground high, to occasionally. cover, the cooking using cooking cooking You the top of the If cooking or stews, 2-inch too the of the cooking to High, and reduce the This The should least half- overnight. the morning, foods. If should the the the and The of the the heat cook this tight the and the food that the food the the the normally when cover and cooking of the without the cover the allowed to TIPS FOR SLOW COOKING cooked. food should cooked with the approximately should both the heat and the food Each the These and hours LOW hours Traditional hours LOW hours LOW Lightly and chopped onion then to Season with from and and broth cooked and to and cooker. fresh or minced from fresh Whole whole onions the and the the the high or To this, to the of food cooking the reduces the LIQUID AMOUNTS amount. of then Each to of garlic, onions, and cook hours or High
as to the or the the cooker without the Touch with or other the or foods the base, or of heat the chipped or scouring when cleaning the the cooker or cooker. them first. cleansers or using the to the or of the counter other microwave. cracked. DO NOT NEVER OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS COOKING RECIPES then from meat or poultry. cooking and using the to reheat Meat Poultry least to beans hours high or meat the cooker. Thaw food the preheat the the onions, meat and hours LOW. cook the first. The the cover the when the first withstand first non-stick onion, finely chopped broth coarsely ground Champion the and or the or containing foods. when the while with DO corn, (optional) onion fresh CLEANING MAINTENANCE and and cover with C heat to the cooked chopped onion, of broth, onion and with or without of the and cook hour. Top with onions and hours or hours High grated chopped onion, should to Clean the housing with the housing, The and or or other the cord, cloth. NOT or crack the or washed the dishwasher. the around the foods, the with that the from the lightly with the and cleansers or scouring to the and the and allow to cool and allow to To cooked and thoroughly. or cleaning. CAUTION: cleaning. ounces) ounces) ground (or to cooked white and and cook heat to hours or of with cooking with and Serve
COOKING RECIPES COOKING RECIPES onions crushed cooked white ground French or shoulder Worcestershire crushed Core head. head of about Combine ground and onions clear or from head of meat and meat the of each and Combine and tomatoes. and cook finely chopped onion and onions. cooker and to onions stoneware. Combine and hours or to hours High. and onion and Chop or to of and Worcestershire crushed and seasonings and Combine Roasted chopped back the the of the cooker. the garlic, the the and together. the Heat the and to the of and fresh garlic, and crushed fresh of white cooker. of with cooking from Cover and cook heat to hours or from and cooker. and 4-inch Layers and onion and cook heat hour. onion,