To reduce the of shock or should including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING YOUR VACUUM CLEANER. allow children to as toy. when when from outlet WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS when and servicing. and Instructions Canister EP044 At only as this only recommended or to or such as screws, hose. when allow to whip when cord, or around or corners. toxic bleach, cleaner, or with clothing, and of from with or cord. as or this connecting or butts, matches or or thinner, moth or cord. To the the cord. with off and of and other than this Turn off or cleaner. or the of or without and/or cord. from heated when cleaning anything that reduce only other or toxic or and burning with or authorized service or attachments. This than the other).To reduce the of shock, this outlet If the the the If SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY IMPORTANT NOTICE the information or EURO-PRO Corporation Champlain, NY Service
the of the the the hose to the the to the Assembling the to EURO-PRO Canister Rated 60HZ Curved Hose/Wand Please that the and wheels the to to freely and from to without hose locking switches and Hose Unit Suction with to the to If easily, that reduce suction the suction below.) Hose Switch Hose Chrome includes suction The suction the to the and suction and to thick which suction. Suction Suction Cord Switch Chrome Switch to
includes cord, which To cord, from and to length. cleaning finished, first switch off and from Then If the retract, and then the the the as this the cord. Cord the Warning: when the cord. allow to whip when To with of to and Warning To reduce the of shock, the hose and the or shooting or with the the without of its and reduce of to length. locking with which top of Please that conveniently and included with the cleaner. They assembled the of Upright closing that of and caught the while closing the Warning: cover there cloth or or cloth as as the arrow or the cloth or the to the right allowing to the cover of the cleaner. the Empty cloth or of the cloth or cover. functions suction from The while cleaning to that the and You the the of the Curved Hose/Wand when Should Turn Red. that the cloth while that suction. To cloth first four screws. to to and then reassembled. To cloth or please If the cloth should Please however or Please of instruction and with clean. cloth should or Cloth Please includes both and Cloth The cloth offers however, please that offer the cleaning performance and clean Select the to
EURO-PRO CORPORATION warrants this to from and workmanship of three from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO Corporation, Service Champlain, N.Y. If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included. THREE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY with to reduce and as clean. The white located the the when the and when dirty. including, without and which normally specifically from warranty. The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO Corporation to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO Corporation or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to straight and of the of with round and To cover, then the white the and the and The top of the cover become and item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. This warranty rights, and other rights which from to the of the top of cover cover the four the four it to and of acknowledge to and the instructions and forth to the Warranty. The to Please and the within of purchase the of this OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD the accompanying instructions. State RETURN TO EURO-PRO CORPORATION, WEST SERVICE RD., CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. IN CANADA: PARK AVE., MONTREAL, QUEBEC, H2X 2H6 purchased of City Appliance To and or service: EURO-PRO Customer Service or to: to AM PM Eastern