Canister EP055 and Instructions information or EURO-PRO Corporation Service Champlain, NY
using should including the following: READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING YOUR VACUUM CLEANER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or when from outlet when and servicing. To reduce the of shock or allow to as toy. when or as this attachments. with or or to authorized service or cord. as cord, or around or corners. cord. from heated cord. To the the cord. or with or with and free of and that reduce clothing, and of from and butts, matches or or burning or such as screws, without and/or Turn off or cleaner. when cleaning or or the of or toxic bleach, cleaner, with off thinner, moth or other or toxic this connecting or when allow to whip when other than this IMPORTANT NOTICE This than the other).To reduce the of shock, this outlet If the the the If the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS
EURO-PRO Canister Rated 60HZ Curved Suction Carrying to Release (to The Unit Hose Cord
Assembling the the of of the the to Then to the first the to the connected the hose to the hose locking switches and Please that the and the to to freely and from to without If easily, that reduce suction the suction below.) with to the to
Warning To reduce the of shock, the hose and the or shooting To the top cover, first the upright as shown With hand the of the other to with the of the top cover to the and the the A) or with the the without the Indentation Top cover
the as shown B.
the its with as shown C. cover. there cloth or and its the Indentation Top Cover
Cord includes cord, which To cord, from rear and to length. cleaning finished, first switch off and from Then If the and then when the cord. allow to whip when and included. the the the as this the cord.
Upright Please that or its locking with which top of While locking with which the of the
The while cleaning to that the and only suction from You the the of the Curved Hose/Wand when Should Turn Red. Cloth If using the cloth should Please however that the cloth while that suction. To cloth first four screws. to hand with clean. cloth should or to and then reassembled. To cloth or please or Please of instruction and Please includes both and Cloth The cloth offers however, please that offer the cleaning performance and Select the to
with to reduce and as clean. The white located the the when the and when To cover, then the white straight and of the of with round and the and the and The top of the cover become and and of to cover the four the four the of the top of cover To and or service: EURO-PRO Customer Service or to: to AM PM Eastern of Cloth and of of and of
Information the when and/or when performance and and from or eventually the causing it to (and cloth when cleaning such cloth when and and every type of Cloth should or to and then reassembled. from EURO-PRO of Cloth and of of and of EURO-PRO Corporation Service Champlain, NY
THREE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EURO-PRO CORPORATION warrants this to from and workmanship of three years from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO Corporation, Service Champlain, N.Y. If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or free of charge. of purchase and to the of and included. including, without and which normally specifically from warranty. The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO Corporation to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO Corporation or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO CORPORATION, WEST SERVICE RD., CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. IN CANADA: QUEBEC, H4S 1A7 Appliance purchased of City State