Canister EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of from the of the purchase. This warranty to household household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC the below. If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of Should to properly while US: EURO-PRO LLC NY and included. ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP724 OWNERS MANUAL 120V., Amps EP724 including, without rotating and which normally specifically from warranty. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of This warranty rights, and other rights or the apply to authorized EURO-PRO LLC which from to information or item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of constantly to products, therefore the to without ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY www.sharkvac.com Printed
Canister FOR REPLACEMENT FILTERS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS using Canister basic should including the following: the cord. allow rated overheat. the cool, other than or the of or that the pulled anything that reduce flow. toxic rated cords with blocked. bleach, cleaner, or other or disconnecting cords UL or this should to the of and other when thinner, moth from and with off based the when of and this or to whip when or toxic or other or tripped with or only as this or such clothing, and corners. cord. butts, matches or or burning To reduce the of shock or when to or with or cord. as cord, of from and from heated Turn off or allow children to as toy. cord. To or the the cord. recommended or around or examination, or as screws, without EURO-PRO LLC cleaner. or when from WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock, or outlet when to A.M. P.M. Eastern www.sharkvac.com 1-866-98SHARK or XSH724 HEPA XSM724 FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT EP724 To HEPA and finished, off NOT dishwasher. The HEPA washed. that this once month or when suction appears reduced to A.M. P.M. Eastern EP724 U.S.: Please COMPLETELY hours to DO NOT DRY IN DRYER The HEPA should months or It that when the HEPA allow to amount of the from the outlet when the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS cleaning The immediately they become should of each IMPORTANT The and should months or Household and suction Allow the to cool of to restarting the To the the and the switch back Empty the "TapClean" the and hose reason overheats, the thermostat the off. Should this the from the outlet and off the switch. This with protective thermostat. If 12/02I the If to than the other). This outlet If the the WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this the the
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR BAGLESS CYCLONIC CANISTER PROBLEM SOLVING when shipped from the factory. If usually This inspected thoroughly and operating easily when the found. Therefore, this POSSIBLE POSSIBLE CAUSE PROBLEM Thermal tripped. On/Off switch turned Not electricity Blown firmly, on/off on/off switch to thermal protector. or or switch to thermal hose securely. Clean obstruction. obstruction. Clean or protection or Hose activated. Cleaner Wont Curved Wand/Hose Trap Release Chrome Release to Hose Connector Cord Upholstery Carrying Hose Connector On/Off Hose obstruction. restricts New Sound Restricted With Flow Won't 120V., Unit: Amps Technical Specifications
months to performance The should however and They of It should, however, months to Please The HEPA performance of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES The located the completely. the the and completely back the and the On/Off to the This rinseable should every months. the without ALL the to and the from the below. the cover. the cover. to only. Cleaning the If the suction of the the hose or the BLOCKED switch off the and the the the from the the the cord. too to heaters or the should preferably each cleaning The immediately outlet when the the from the they become of that ALL completely back the matches or ashes. anything that burning or such as the that the On the of the there cleaning, the To and off. Inspect and and/or Inspect the rotating built-up with or If or Cleaning without Cleaning the This with and that automatically. If the or technician. to or that might the the cord. allow the Warning: the when to whip when Once clean, the back The function without the The the without ALL the should every months to the completely. to only. The located the of the the from the the On/Off to the and the from the back the and completely the cover.
or the to the as the the the below. the to Assembling OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS hear click, indicating its hose the hose the from the outlet assembling or the Attaching the Hose the without If the the IMPORTANT Please that there switch the this Therefore, that the switch, the NOT where the to the from when assembling. Vigorously TapClean the pleats of the HEPA right. from the that the free of and Inspect the to Empty the please the following instructions: that the rotating rotating high cleaning instructions the maintained, suction to accomplish TapClean the HEPA each the The of of and this. to that emptied. to the the hose as shown the below. to the Curved Hose the Chrome the to The located the top of the completely. to the the cover and Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA the HEPA and the the On/Off to the that the top of the and This rinseable should months. completely HEPA the without ALL the when the the off. and the to only. and the cover back from the the release below. Cleaning the month or appears reduced suction once when hours the A) This should once performance of the If the HEPA month or when suction appears to the HEPA the and allowed to -This then NORMAL and NOT the TapCleaned that the HEPA each to then "TapCleaned reduced and suction properly PLEASE NOTE The white pleated the and the outward. the Chrome the overheat The suction free of and become hours Warning: Allow NOT the HEPA without the HEPA and 10.Reassemble the to the that the assembly completely seated the cover and "TapClean" HEPA back the the the Rinseable
the from the HEPA holding the top of the counterclockwise to the from the and the Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA from the Then the the to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS outlet the Warning: the from of the If tightly and to the of the and the the of the cover release to the and then the the lightly the and of the below.) cover release from the On/Off to the located the the the cover the the front and of Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA Cleaning the To the cord, the and the of the with the other hand to that whip causing or with injury. Thermostat OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and The the corners, and cushions. with To the the the the clean. Allow to or with clean towel. NOT the the and clockwise to dishwasher. the off. Should this restarting the To the the and turn the outlet and off the switch. Empty the the from the "TapClean" the suction Allow the to overheats, the thermostat and hose and This thermostat. If reason with protective of to switch back length. Don't the the of and the the shows the Once the NEVER directly the pleated of the Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA HEPA the HEPA from the from the then the of the the TapClean HEPA top and ONLY the Warning each the HEPA the the Press the On/Off located the to the "On". performance, the HEPA Clean the HEPA as this that to which section, then and of as as than of this incredible and airborne from Rinseable TapClean HEPA suction cleaned properly. of the the breathe. fact the white eventually or reduce IMPORTANT, Please The with Top cover, then to Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA right. from the the from the the top of and To the