Canister EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to from and workmanship of from the of the purchase. Should to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to EURO-PRO LLC the below. If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included.* to: This warranty only to household ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP724H OWNERS MANUAL 120V., Amps EP724H the (as covered warranty). including, without rotating and The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which This warranty to the purchaser of the and other to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the This warranty rights, and other rights which item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with constantly to products, therefore the and/or warranties. The of EURO-PRO LLC the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. authorized EURO-PRO LLC which normally specifically from warranty. contained to without from to apply to EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD forth the accompanying instructions. information or EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY State purchased of City Appliance EP724H Printed
REPLACEMENT FILTER TECHNICAL SUPPORT EP724H IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Canister should including the following: the cord. allow rated overheat. the cool, other than or the of or that the pulled that reduce flow. toxic rated with bleach, cleaner, or other connecting or UL or this should to the of and other when thinner, moth from and with off based the when only free of and this or to whip when or toxic or other or tripped with or as this or such clothing, and corners. cord. butts, matches or or burning To reduce the of shock or when to or with or cord. as cord, of from and from heated Turn off or allow to as toy. cord. To or the the cord. recommended or around or examination, or as screws, without EURO-PRO LLC cleaner. or when from WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock, or when To HEPA and finished, off NOT dishwasher. The HEPA washed. that this once month or when suction appears reduced to A.M. P.M. Eastern XSH724H HEPA XSM724 Please IMPORTANT The and should every months or required. COMPLETELY it hours to DO NOT It that when the HEPA allow to DRY IN DRYER the from the outlet when the cleaning The immediately they become should of each and suction Allow the to cool of to restarting the To the the and the switch back Empty the "TapClean" the and hose reason overheats, the thermostat the off. Should this the from the outlet and off the switch. This with protective thermostat. If SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household 07/03C WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR BAGLESS CYCLONIC CANISTER PROBLEM SOLVING when shipped from the factory. If This inspected thoroughly and operating easily when the found. Therefore, this firmly, on/off thermal protector. on/off switch to or or switch to POSSIBLE POSSIBLE CAUSE PROBLEM electricity Thermal tripped. On/Off switch turned Not Blown thermal protector. Clean hose securely. obstruction. obstruction. Clean or protection or Hose activated. Wont Won't Curved Wand/Hose Trap Release Chrome Cover Release to Hose Connector Cord Carrying Hose Connector On/Off Hose Clear Clear obstruction. Clean HEPA or HEPA obstructed. Hose obstructed. Not obstruction. restricts New trimmings Sound Restricted With Flow 120V., Unit: Amps Technical Specifications
months to performance The should however and They of It should, however, months to Please The HEPA performance of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES The located the completely. the the and completely back the and the On/Off to the This rinseable should every months. the without ALL the to and the from the below. the cover. the cover. to only. Cleaning the If the suction of the the hose or the BLOCKED switch off the and the the the from the the the cord. too to heaters or the should preferably each cleaning The immediately when the the from the they become of that ALL completely back the matches or ashes. that burning or such as the that the On the of the there cleaning, the To and off. Inspect and and/or Inspect the rotating built-up with or If or Cleaning without Cleaning the This with and that automatically. If the or it technician. to or that might the the cord. allow the Warning: the when to whip when Once clean, the back The function without the The the without ALL the should months to the completely. to only. The located the of the the from the the On/Off to the and the from the back the and completely the cover.
or the to the as the the the below. the to Assembling OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS hear click, indicating its hose the hose the from the outlet assembling or the the Hose the without If the the IMPORTANT Please that there switch the this Therefore, that the switch, the NOT where the to the from when assembling. Vigorously TapClean the pleats of the HEPA right. from the that the free of and Inspect the to Empty the please the following instructions: that the rotating rotating high cleaning instructions the suction suction to accomplish TapClean the HEPA each the The efficiency of free of and this. to that emptied. to the the hose as shown the below. to the Curved Hose the Chrome the to The located the top of the completely. to the the cover and Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA the HEPA and the the On/Off to the that the top of the and This rinseable should months. completely HEPA the without ALL the when the the cover off. and the to only. and the back from the the release below. Cleaning the month or appears reduced suction once when hours the A) This should once performance of the If the HEPA month or when suction appears to the HEPA the and to -This then NORMAL and NOT the TapCleaned that the HEPA each to then "TapCleaned reduced and suction properly PLEASE NOTE The white pleated the and the outward. the Chrome the overheat The suction free of and become hours Warning: Allow NOT the HEPA without the HEPA and 10.Reassemble the to the that the assembly completely seated the cover and "TapClean" HEPA back the the the Rinseable
the from the HEPA counterclockwise to the holding the top of the from the and the Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA from the Then the the to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the Warning: the from of the If tightly and to the of the and the the of the cover release to the and then the and of the the lightly the below.) cover release from the On/Off to the located the the the the the front and of Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA Removing Cleaning the Once clean, the top cover of the and the locking the of the to and corners, and cushions. with shooting Warning: To reduce the of the HEPA filter,changing the or shock, the rotating high suction when emptying the the from to accomplish this. to that the rotating To the the hose and the of the hose the cleaning instructions.) maintained, please the following free of and The efficiency of the that suction of and which and Empty the frequently. the performance. instructions: To the the clean. Allow to or the the with clean towel. NOT the the and clockwise to dishwasher. with and other to that the of the with the the the the length. Don't the whip causing or injury. the Press the the of and shows to the located the the To the On/Off the the Once cord, "On". The the Upholstery NEVER directly the pleated of HEPA the HEPA from the the Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA from the then the of the the TapClean HEPA top and ONLY the Warning each the HEPA Cleaning the cleaned properly. Clean the white as as HEPA as this section, performance, the HEPA eventually or reduce suction Rinseable TapClean HEPA then and with of the the breathe. fact of from the that to which of this incredible than IMPORTANT, Please The Thermostat Top cover, then to the off. Should this restarting the To the the and the outlet and off the switch. Empty the the from the "TapClean" the suction Allow the to overheats, the thermostat and hose and This thermostat. If reason with protective of to switch back top housing of the upwards. The Inspect and locking then the Inspect the rotating built-up with and/or top housing and or If or approximately only. Upwards Rinseable "TapClean" HEPA right. from the the from the the top of and To the