and Instructions Upright EP705 EURO-PRO Corporation QC H4S 1A7 information or www.sharkvac.com USA: EURO-PRO Corporation Champlain, NY Service
EURO-PRO CORPORATION warrants this to free from and workmanship of year from the of the purchase. This warranty to Should to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to Corporation the below.If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or of charge. of purchase and to the of If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or including, without rotating and free of charge. Include to cover the of and included. EURO-PRO Corporation, Service Champlain, N.Y. EURO-PRO Corporation, QC, H4S-1A7 which normally specifically from warranty. and included. household US: ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP705 The of EURO-PRO Corporation to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO Corporation to the obligations the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO Corporation or of whatsoever. the or of This warranty rights, and other rights which from to or of its which authorized EURO-PRO or the apply to item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. Please and the within of purchase to the Warranty. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD purchased of City Appliance US: EURO-PRO Corporation, Service Champlain, N.Y. EURO-PRO Corporation, QC, H4S-1A7 EP705 Printed
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS cool, without ONLY and Turn off or other than or the of or that reduce flow. toxic with bleach, cleaner, or other connecting or disconnecting this EURO-PRO. to of and other when The of thinner, moth from and with off based the of and this or cleaner. or toxic or other the warranty. recommended. SHARK Upright basic should including the following: with or clothing, and only as this or such corners. cord. butts, matches or or burning To reduce the of shock rotating and other when outlet when and to or cord. as cord, with or free of and that from heated or EURO-PRO examination, or with and it of from or allow children to as toy. cord. To or or the the cord. recommended or around or when from WARNING: To reduce the of fire, as screws, when wearing shoes. shock, or injury: or near reduce attachments. Upright TO ORDER REPLACEMENT BAGS, FILTERS OR EP705 BELTS to A.M. P.M. Eastern www.sharkvac.com 1-866-98SHARK or should however three months to Both the and It performance of to A.M. P.M. Eastern FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT EP705 Please SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household that the completely back the Please WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet only If the the the If to the the every three months to performance of The Cloth It should however
With the cover the light and head and then the cover. Then the screws from the screws from the of the the screws from the of the screwdriver and the screws from the the and clockwise. Turn and from the back of the head. back of the head cover. head. Warning from when servicing or cleaning the to shock or from the Head Light Upright the light with the or wattage (12V 4W) to to the surrounding Head Release On/Off Switch Head Light Plate Height Nested Hose Connector Hose Technical Specifications 120V~ Amps
Assembling Warning: assembled. From the of the the the screws that already to upright attached to the This three months or the amount of A) located the To the the locking the right and To The facing the front of the the and the the C) To the completely D) the front of the cleaner. B) the The lightweight upright of carpeting, or with attachments. the such as the or the the the upright Once the with the screws necessary, and with and If to NOTE: DO NOT OPERATE VACUUM WITHOUT FILTERS IN If using the cloth should the Please that the completely once or back the cleaner. Once replaced, front E) PLACE. Press the On/Off to the On the head the height from to high. the release to You ready to right) release the The Cloth It should however every three months to performance of head and then the cover. Then the screws from the the of the beater with the the head. that the Occasionally the the the amount of If the replacing. the screws from the of the the screws from the of the of and the other the screwdriver and the screws from the the beater and straight the back of the head. Turn and from the upwards. back of the head cover. round of the beater the head. A) G) B) C) D) E) H) F) I) Please The front of the that and lowers the head to match the type of With the NOT connected to the the to the lowest cleaning. If the to to the to the highest the to The beater reach the effective cleaning. Turn off the switch and the WARNING: To injury, clothing, and other of from (such as the beater the the to Height
cleaning the should The of the effectiveness of the the and allowing to though properly. that from the Although, them they to the the with the If required, or both of the that the NOT the to the of the hose and then the or the hose from the of the and the Turn the to the high the of the to the of the its upright with both and cloth To towards to from the holding the and C) EURO-PRO and only, to top performance from from A) the front of the B) the allowing the front to The and every the the locking with the the housing, the front the Once the the front that the correctly the lock. E) F) and while holding the the the of the seated the of the D) Hose Connector the the back the the the of the the off the the of the Emptying the Cloth A) C) B) IMPORTANT: If the correctly the housing, the cover Please that the the the catches otherwise front WARNING: the turned the beater to the or or while using the hose with the attachments. the of thick