OWNERS MANUAL 120V., Amps EP722 information or EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY www.sharkvac.com
LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when household to the following and If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight to LLC NY If the found EURO-PRO to or workmanship, EURO-PRO or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of and included. ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY EP722 IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS when or cords UL-rated or the as this To reduce the of fire, shock, or when the when and servicing. or corners. allow to as toy. cord, or around cord, as recommended or from heated injury: using cleaner, should including the following: or or the or other the without the the with Incorrect re-assembly or such as or such as matches or household Follow user instructions of shock or to or the while or such To of shock, anything that burning or of the allow to the its clothing, and shock, or to to EURO-PRO Corporation of the or the the when cleaning instructions To the of warranty) examination and of from and instead, and to where they to from to or This only when the used. as screws, cord. and/or or other this connected. ashes. including, without and which normally specifically from warranty. The of LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which authorized EURO-PRO This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or the apply to with of and that cords rated to the and to cool, the Correct rating to the that the overheat. should Turn off as from and or with the cord. To of and other the the cord. pulled or tripped from or without or other reduce flow. constantly to products, therefore the item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER to without SERVICE. This warranty rights, and other rights which from to acknowledge to and the instructions and forth Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO LLC NY Appliance EP722 SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household purchased of State City Printed C WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR VACUUM FOR REPLACEMENT FILTER INFORMATION to A.M. P.M. Eastern www.sharkvac.com EP722 1-866-98SHARK or to A.M. P.M. Eastern FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT HEPA SKU# XSH722 EP722 U.S.: COMPLETELY using hours to DO NOT DRY It that when the HEPA allow to IN DRYER The HEPA washed. that this once month or when suction appears reduced To HEPA and finished, off NOT dishwasher. Please to 12.Upholstery 15.Shoulder Strap Cord On/off Duct Hose and suction Allow the to cool of to restarting the To the the and the switch back Empty the "TapClean" the and hose reason overheats, the thermostat the off. Should this the from the outlet and off the switch. This with protective thermostat. If IMPORTANT Both the and the should every months or required. the from the outlet when the cleaning The immediately they become should of each Amps, Technical Specifications 120V.,
which top of its locking with Please that or Upright Thermostat If the suction of the the hose or the BLOCKED switch off the and the the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES the off. Should this restarting the To the the and turn the outlet and off the switch. Empty the the from the "TapClean" the suction Allow the to cool overheats, the thermostat and hose and This thermostat. If reason with protective of to switch back the from the the the cord. too to heaters or the While with which the locking of the the to the shoulder to the cleaner. the of First the hose through the of the shoulder and the as shown then the to the below. the Shoulder Strap matches or ashes. that burning or such as the that the without This with and that automatically. If the or it technician. the cord. allow the Warning: the when to whip when to or that might the
or the to the as the the the below. the to Assembling OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS from the outlet assembling or the the hose the hear click, indicating its Attaching the Hose the from year or when becomes should cleaned least the with the the from the to cleaning the the HEPA and Reassemble the to the that the assembly completely seated the that the free of and Inspect the to Empty the and each please the following instructions: that the rotating rotating high the suction suction to accomplish TapClean the HEPA The efficiency of free of and this. to that the emptied. to To the hose the operation. the to the the and to performance of the If the HEPA the A) This should the HEPA hours PLEASE NOTE The white pleated -This suction appears to reduced NORMAL and NOT the then once month or when TapCleaned that the HEPA each "TapCleaned to then and suction properly hose as the the shown the below. the to the Curved Hose Duct with and the the the locking and the the once month or appears reduced suction when hours Warning: Allow the and the outward. the Chrome IMPORTANT Both the and the outlet when checking the every months or immediately they become the from the should IMPORTANT should cleaning The each of required. the overheat CAUTION The suction of and become NOT the HEPA without the
the HEPA of the of the Warning: the from OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS NOT the HEPA without the Cleaning the HEPA with the other to the with and the that it whip To the cord, causing Cord Upholstery and corners, and cushions. the and of the performance, the HEPA turn off the switch, the and airborne from of the the from the white cleaned properly. This this section, then of as as than the breathe. fact of this incredible the HEPA then eventually or reduce suction the to overheat and the thermostat to (Should this and allow to cool Clean the TapClean HEPA TapClean HEPA that to which Warning each HEPA and as and with IMPORTANT, Please The Warning: the when the cord. allow the to whip Cleaning when shooting Warning: To reduce the of filter,changing the or disconnected the shock, the The the and shelves. The the Upholstery HEPA the with hand and the the from the with the other and Screen HEPA Upwards top housing of the upwards. The Inspect wheel and locking then the Once clean, the top cover of the and the locking Inspect the rotating built-up with and/or top housing and or If the of the to or approximately only. the shows the length. Dont the of and the the the the cord, which If the includes retract, and then cleaning finished, first switch To cord, from Then off and from and to length. button. Cord there that the of the HEPA which to the Vigorously TapClean the pleats of the Please pleats of the the HEPA from the the On/Off switch the the to the OFF to the below. the the Press the On/Off Switch to the cleaner. On/Off TapClean the Screen or clean. completely the that the