Upright Item XSG825 Upright Item XSG825 Warning: To reduce the of shock, the the or shooting towards to from C) the holding the and EP825 A) from B) the front of the the Warning: To reduce the of shock, the disconnected the or shooting to from C) the holding the and EP825 A) from B) the front of the the D) and while holding the the the of the seated the rear of the Once the the front the locking with the the cover allowing the front to The lock. F) E) that the the housing, the front the and every the D) and while the the the of the seated the of the Once the the front the locking with the the cover allowing the front to The F) E) that the the housing, the front the and the Printed EURO-PRO LLC EURO-PRO LLC USA: QC H4S 1A7 Champlain, NY NEVER REUSE PAPER BAGS NEVER REUSE PAPER BAGS information or 1-866-98SHARK Lawrence or www.sharkvac.com Printed EURO-PRO LLC EURO-PRO LLC USA: QC H4S 1A7 Champlain, NY information or 1-866-98SHARK Lawrence or www.sharkvac.com
the headlight and the the might NOT with screw the locking the of the of the screw of the screw to B) cleaning the to Warning: from when servicing or shock or from the Head Light the Turn and from A) the amount of the A) Occasionally the the headlight and the the because might NOT with screw the locking the of the of the screw of the screw to B) cleaning the to Warning: from when servicing or or from the Head Light the Turn and from A) the amount of the A) Occasionally the the light them D) the light and the cover. E) the C) replacing. E) If the the screws from the C) screwdriver and back of the head cover. B) Turn and from D) the screws from the of the head. the light them D) the light and the cover. E) the C) replacing. E) If the the screws from the C) screwdriver and back of the head cover. B) Turn and from D) the screws from the of the head. the light with the or (12V 4W) to to the surrounding that it F) screws from the back of the the cover. Then the head and then the screws from the of the head. I) H) the the head. of the beater with the that the the the upwards. G) of and the other the round of the beater F) the beater and straight the light with the or (12V 4W) to to the surrounding that F) H) the the head. of the beater with the that the the the upwards. G) of and the other the round of the beater F) the beater and straight locking locking screws from the back of the the cover. Then the head and then the screws from the of the head. I)