Upright within the year warranty the and freight Should to properly while household workmanship of from the of the purchase. This warranty EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and to EURO-PRO LLC the below. to household EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY V1055H OWNERS MANUAL 120V., Amps V1055H or This warranty cover or caused or obligations the of the warranty. The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or that with or This warranty of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to from from or repairs, service or to the or of its This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the This warranty rights, and other rights which from which authorized EURO-PRO whatsoever. the or of or EURO-PRO LLC or of caused or to the apply to to LLC purchase and to the of and included. including, without rotating and workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of If the found EURO-PRO LLC to or which normally specifically from warranty. covered warranty). the of ATTENTION purchase and to to item with CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the and with purchase information, and what item to to include of the with the (as specifications to without RETURN TO: EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY Please and the within of purchase. The to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and forth the accompanying instructions. OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD State purchased of City Appliance V1055H EURO-PRO LLC NY Printed
TO ORDER REPLACEMENT FILTERS OR BELTS V1055H Upright IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS NOT NOT toxic NOT with with off based the head NOT without cool, Turn off or or the of or that reduce flow. bleach, cleaner, or other To the of and other EURO-PRO when The of thinner, moth NOT other NOT from and than this NOT the ONLY and LLC to the cleaner of and NOT or or toxic or other recommended. warranty. Upright should including the following: WARNING: To reduce the of fire, NOT NOT it NOT or cord. NOT clothing, and as this corners. NOT cord. NOT butts, NOT with or when from NOT the to or that rotating and other matches or or burning when NOT or To reduce the of shock to NOT or as cord, NOT allow to as toy. such as screws, from heated NOT cord. To NOT or NOT or of from when and or the the cord. recommended or around or examination, or EURO-PRO LLC to the cleaner. when wearing shoes. or with shock, or injury: to A.M. P.M. Eastern to A.M. P.M. Eastern FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT V1055H reduced. To should, however, three to months, off and completely the of the them once month or when suction appears to this and the performance. finished, The and washed. They amount of to performance of and NOT dishwasher. Please that ALL completely back the It that when the or allow them to COMPLETELY hours to DO NOT DRY IN DRYER SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household 07/05B WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the NOT the
If the suction the the hose or the become switch off the and the the the from the the the cord. PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES PROBLEM SOLVING the too to heaters, or shipped from the factory. If This inspected thoroughly and operating when easily when the found. Therefore, this POSSIBLE SOLUTION POSSIBLE CAUSE PROBLEM thermostat. on/off switch to or or firmly. Not properly On/Off switch turned Blown electricity thermostat tripped. cord. matches or ashes. that burning or such as the that the Clean or HEPA Clean head cover and obstruction. hose securely. Clean obstruction. obstruction. and HEPA and cleaning or replacing. height or Hose Wont Won't This with and that automatically. If the or technician. to or that might the without or and cleaning. height incorrectly. Not Turn Too the cord. allow the Warning: the when to whip when rotating and other and of from clothing, obstruction. attachment. New restricts path. flow. Sound Restricted With Flow
If the Press the and then the from the To the cleaner, the upright Turn the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the followed If the with the the right of the the right of the firmly to that each then the clear the or the the housing and then the first the of the correctly from housing the Press or from from the the right the GETTING TO KNOW YOUR BAGLESS BAGLESS UPRIGHT the shows the length. Dont the of and the the using the the the off. Should the from the with protective thermostat. If hose or reason the should overheat, the thermostat cooled the of overheating to the If the This If hose or found, the hose and the the and least the On/Off once. the On/Off The service should this the cord. allow the Warning: the when to whip when Thermostat that the the as the that the and of NOTE: There cover the wheel and the screws. the top the screws too tightly to the front of the top the screw to top the and the height selector. properly Release Release Cord Cord Hose Connector Hose Hose Cord Release Head On/Off from Technical Specifications 120V., Amps
or of thick the its upright Warning: the turned that the while the hose with attachments. AVOID NOT the AVOID the or the beater to outlet when or Turn the height from the following from the the of the hose the top of the instructions the the hose the the highest of the to the the the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the the the the to the upright Press the the height while the of the Assembling Cleaning the WARNING: the assembling or from the outlet Assembling the Cleaner Around the off the This the To there month or appears reduced suction once when the and to A) This should once hours the the performance of the If the HEPA- month or when suction appears to PLEASE NOTE The white pleated then NORMAL and NOT the -This that the each to then "TapCleaned TapCleaned reduced and suction properly without the the the every three This months. Cleaning the hours the to allow the when hours Warning: Allow the height and then the release and to its height To the the filter,changing the Warning: To reduce the of the or shock, the shooting the Occasionally the head the amount of Turn the and from supply. or prolonged because and when and the the or below the FULL" the and each and clean the the and Warning prolonged around the the hose as it and cover to the to The the hose when reaching. Trying to reach the hose reach the when locations. the NOT NOT the The the shelves, corners, and cushions. Release upright and the turning the the With the the screw that the height top and plates together while the of the head from the back. the it releases from its There the four screws the the front of the and screws With screw recessed the back. release and back Release the the the It should, however, every three to months to Please The performance of three months to The rinseable should hours the It should however performance of If the and that they completely hours back the that ALL completely back the
the assembly from the To the assembly, the of the and the Assembly OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Release Trap when of when using the and UPRIGHT when or covering the or hose to recommended cleaning instructions or covering. the height to highest hose. using the or the the of or using the or the of the the The the the upright and back to the "On" the On/Off to turn the To release the the release upright or to assembly, the the the assembly allow hours to back the the and then assembly the the cover. the that the To the To clean the that to TapClean the the that around the Then Cleaning the HEPA and the that the back The dishwasher. washed the cleaner. shooting The Warning: To reduce the of release that located the disconnected the when the reaches NOT the of the the or To the the FULL the Press the shock, the without ALL the from the Emptying (Container) Clean release Height Selector that to which cleaned properly. Clean the Rinseable TapClean eventually or reduce suction the white each as IMPORTANT Please The this section. the Warning each the Assembly, then rotating the height This upright To height of and Select height to the Turn height To the assembly from from the and with the other hand, the the the counter clockwise. Release You to the height of the such as and to to HIGH LOW MED Arrow the release that and the from the To the to release the the back of the