and Instructions Upright DELUXE UV204 information or EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY www.sharkvac.com
EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase. This warranty to household Should to properly while household within the warranty the and to EURO-PRO LLC the below.If the found EURO-PRO LLC to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC or of charge. of purchase PRO LLC or of charge. Include to including, without The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its which This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of This warranty rights, and other rights item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. constantly to products, therefore the specifications rotating and which normally and to cover the of and included. If the found to or workmanship, EURO- LLC to the obligations US: EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. cover the of and included. or the apply to authorized EURO-PRO LLC specifically from warranty. to without which from to ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY UV204 Printed
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS cool, without ONLY and Turn off or other than or the of or that reduce flow. toxic with bleach, cleaner, or other or SHARK to this of and other when The of thinner, moth from and with off based the only free of and this or cleaner. or toxic or other recommended. the warranty. SHARK Upright basic should including the following: with or clothing, and as this or such corners. cord. butts, matches or or burning To reduce the of rotating and other necessary when when and to or cord. as cord, with or free of and that from heated or with and of from or allow to as toy. cord. To or or the the cord. only recommended or around or when from WARNING: To reduce the of fire, examination, or as screws, EURO-PRO LLC when wearing shock, or or reduce Upright TO ORDER REPLACEMENT BAGS, FILTERS OR UV204 BELTS to A.M. P.M. Eastern www.sharkvac.com 1-866-98SHARK or three months to performance The It should however of to A.M. P.M. Eastern FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT UV204 Please SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Household that the completely back the Please 06/02C WARNING: To reduce the of shock, this than the other). This outlet If the the the If to the the every three months to performance of The Cloth It should however
Occasionally the the A) the amount of If the replacing. E) the screws from the of the head. D) screwdriver and the screws from the back of the head cover. C) the beater and straight F) Turn and from B) the Upright head and then the cover. Then the screws from the screws from the of the the back of the head. I) the the of the beater with the H) the head. that the the upwards. of and the other the round of the beater G) With screw the screws that the head light Warning from when servicing or cleaning the to shock or from Turn and from the Head Light the light with the or wattage (12V 4W) to to the surrounding the head light and then the screws the head light to the light them the them off the head light Head HEPA Release On/Off Switch Head Light Plate Height Nested Hose Connector Hose Technical Specifications 120V., Amps
Assembling Warning: assembled. From the of the the the screws that to upright attached to the This every three months or the amount of A) To the completely D) Once replaced, front E) To the C) the front of the cleaner. B) Cleaning the The lightweight upright of carpeting, or with using the such as the or the the the upright Once the with the screws necessary, and NEVER the without the HEPA E) with and If to HEPA and HEPA cover. D) This once or the amount of A) To the HEPA C) the HEPA of the cleaner. B) the HEPA below.) Press the On/Off to the On the head the height from to high. the release to You ready to right) release the The front of the that and lowers the head to match the type of With the NOT connected to the the to the lowest cleaning. If the to to the to the highest the to The beater reach the effective cleaning. Turn off the switch and the WARNING: To injury, clothing, and other of from (such as the beater the the to Height NOTE: DO NOT OPERATE VACUUM WITHOUT FILTERS IN If the cloth should the Please that the completely once or back the cleaner. PLACE. The Cloth It should however every three months to performance of Please
cleaning the should The of the effectiveness of the the and allowing to though properly. that from the Although, them they to the the with the If required, or both of the that the NOT the to the of the hose and then the or the hose from the of the and the Turn the to the high the of the to the of the its upright with both and cloth To to from the holding the and C) SHARK and only, to top performance from from A) the front of the B) the cover allowing the front to The and the the locking with the the housing, the front the Once the the front that the correctly the lock. E) F) and while holding the the the of the seated the of the D) Hose Connector the the back the the the of the the off the the of the Emptying the Cloth A) C) B) IMPORTANT: If the correctly the housing, the cover Please that the the the catches otherwise front cover WARNING: the turned the beater to the or or while the hose with the attachments. the of thick