OWNERS MANUAL UV640HB DC EURO-PRO LLC NY
constantly to products, therefore CUSTOMER SERVICE. or of charge. of purchase and to the of including, without and which normally The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the the terms of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC which authorized EURO-PRO LLC the specifications to without the apply to specifically from warranty. and included. to or to EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the household to the following and warranty the and freight to: EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, N.Y. ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY UV640HB such as or (120V., when cleaning If the to the with other than charger which of other or to charge this with another charger with and follow The the to to or the immediately with and or from the supply when the or If the from with such as the immediately with AD-1215-U8 cord. charger directly without of and where they with this the them this and instructions. battery. should READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING YOUR CORDLESS SWEEPER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or including the following IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS with or when the charger or the or or to EURO- the charger cord. only recommended properly. as this PRO LLC examination, from heated instead the charger and to This includes rechargeable allow to as toy. to from charge this or of or or or attachments. with that burning free of and that to clothing, and or to high as or with of from or such as matches, or ashes. while reduce flow. they and State purchased of City Appliance to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC NY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD UV640HB Printed SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
UV640HB DC Dont to the the To the performance and of the following: fits or other that Once month clean the with cloth, including the chamber which the and built the chamber, the rotating or or rough or Customer Service. or Charge POSSIBLE SOLUTION POSSIBLE REASON PROBLEM other servicing should authorized service TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE or with the Dont of or with the supplying charging Unit servicing. SWEEPER WILL NOT OPERATE from and/or or of Empty and Empty Charge Unit recharging. SWEEPER WILL NOT PICK-UP Empty DUST ESCAPING FROM SWEEPER Unit clogged. ROTATING BRUSH WILL NOT PICK UP Charging Charging AD-1215-U8 Charging Light Lights Head On Switch Gear properly. (Easily charging to another Charging functioning SWEEPER WILL NOT CHARGE UV640HB shipped with the uncharged. Charging of the hours to first required. XB640H only. NOTE: from
to service to this NOTE: If as to to service properly. the they from of them. The or of with Please or recycling This with and to of them the the reason other than information. Battery Assembling Follow these when assembly. You should from the and with the the This the assembly and of The charging shipped the Turn that the facing upwards. to the ON. WARNING You ordinary as these and XB640H of Battery the and the that the attached to the the the the of the head. Gently the with the and that the the to the the of the the the should If head charging the On/Off switch (120V, The charging the charging the the the the the the the the charging the the the provided. the assembly that locking This batteries. The Please or or of with recycling information. CAUTION: locking and off assembly. assembly CAUTION: ALWAYS USE ADAPTOR SUPPLIED (ONLY) WITH SWEEPER
charged. of charge. This the type of cleaned. operating the On/Off switch to the To off, switch please that the initially only properly when the to the Gear hours. the locking of the and to WARNING: when the rotating and that the turn ON when the head. Turn head Not to the ON. the cover. to instructions.) the from the head. or to of high heat or humidity. radiators, or bathroom or CAUTION: or should to switch the first the the bushing the the 11.To the follow instructions the and the from to right. the of the bushing and off the to the the the and clicks Gear the from the the the the the To release the to apply to the top of the head with foot while back the Gear To the of the the the light If light lights then and the operating, this To the the and then the on/off switch once and If something to or the the the lights, three lights, high then to the of them the and the the the and clicks the the and then the the the the the locking of the gear and the locking of the and of of the Press the the If that the and replacing: the of the the cover. the that might there. to off to the back
and the and to cleaning performance, appear to to this If this the and the operating, this overloading the when heavy Other then The try to The To and the with If something to or the and high These To the the and then the please the highest to performance. first started, the the highest to on/off switch once and then to the selected the switch. through and the cover of or cover the cover from the the front of the and the rotating To the the located the and cover from the and top of the To the performance, the each Cleaning the thoroughly with to clean the If the Empty straight from the the light NOT then the On/Off once to the NOTE: If, when the to recharge and the charging off. The charging light should light performance the and or three NOTE: CAUTION: turn while cleaning. while the of service life. Please to throw the or fire or with the with the (Item XB640H) to the from the to Battery or of with to or the or recycling information. To performance of recommended that the then completely re-charged once month. IMPORTANT: CAUTION the the charging the (120V., This batteries. first they the to the charging or the back of the to that the recharging the the "On/Off" switch To recharge, Charging The charging light the top of the the amount of hours. of charging Charger AD-1215-U8. the "OFF" properly Charging the from the mounting NOTE: the and from screw to or other or head screw with the the that the using the the back of the mounted Allow the screw head to STORING THE CORDLESS SWEEPER the the as to switch to the recharging from the and this the flashing and the operating. This and that to to recharge the The lights flashing only the charge hour allow the to of The the from when of the used, and when cleaning and of the Please the following instructions advanced and that the to that performance.