OWNERS MANUAL UV647H DC EURO-PRO LLC Plattsburgh, NY
constantly to products, therefore CUSTOMER SERVICE. or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of including, without and which normally The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This warranty cover caused or to or This warranty cover or caused or from from or repairs, service or to the or of its This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from item to to include of purchase and to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC which authorized EURO-PRO LLC the contained to without the apply to specifically from warranty. and included. to or to EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the household to the following and warranty the and to: EURO-PRO LLC N.Y. ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY UV647H such as or (120V., when cleaning If the only which of to the with other or to charge this with another other than and follow with The the basic should to the immediately with and or from the supply when the to or or If the from with such as the immediately with AD-1215-U8 cord. charger directly without of and where they with this the them this READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING YOUR CORDLESS SWEEPER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: and instructions. battery. including the following IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS allow to as toy. the charger or the or or with or or to EURO- when or recommended the charger cord. properly. as this PRO LLC examination, from heated instead the and to This includes rechargeable batteries. to from this or of or attachments. with free of and anything that that burning to clothing, and or to high as of from or with or such as matches, or ashes. while reduce flow. they and purchased of City Appliance to the of this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The forth the accompanying instructions. RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC NY OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD UV647H Printed SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY
UV647H DC Dont to the the To the performance and of the fits or other that Once month the with cloth, including the chamber which the other servicing should authorized service built the chamber, the rotating or clean or with the Dont of or with the or rough or following: and POSSIBLE SOLUTION POSSIBLE REASON PROBLEM Customer Service. or Charge TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE supplying charging Unit servicing. SWEEPER WILL NOT OPERATE obstruction from and/or or of Empty and Empty Charge Unit recharging. SWEEPER WILL NOT PICK-UP Empty FROM SWEEPER DUST ESCAPING Charging Charging AD-1215-U8 Charging Light Lights Head On Switch Gear properly. (Easily charging Check to outlet another Charging functioning Unit clogged. WILL NOT PICK UP ROTATING BRUSH SWEEPER WILL NOT CHARGE uncharged. Charging of the hours to first required. UV647H shipped with the NOTE: from XB617U only.
to service technician to this NOTE: If as to to service properly. the they from of them. The or of with Please or recycling This with and to of them the the reason other than information. Assembling Follow these when required. assembly. You should from the and with the the This the assembly and operation of The charging shipped the Turn that the facing upwards. to the ON. WARNING You ordinary as these and only XB617U of Battery the and the that the to the the the the of the head. Gently the with the and that the the to the the of the the the should If head charging the On/Off switch (120V, The charging the charging the the the the the the the the charging outlet the the the provided. the assembly that locking This The regulations. Please or or of with recycling information. CAUTION: locking and off assembly. assembly CAUTION: ALWAYS USE ADAPTOR SUPPLIED (ONLY) WITH SWEEPER
charged. of charge. This the type of cleaned. operating the On/Off switch to the To off, switch please that the initially properly when the hours to the locking of the and to the Gear WARNING: when the rotating and that the turn ON when the head. Turn head Not to the ON. the cover. to instructions.) the from the head. or to of high heat or humidity. or bathroom or CAUTION: or should to switch the first the the bushing the the 11.To the follow instructions the and the from to right. the of the bushing and off the to the the gear the and clicks Gear the from the the the the the To release the to apply to the top of the head with foot while back the Gear To the of the the button. the light If light lights then and the operating, this To the the and then the on/off switch once and If something to or the the the lights, three lights, high then to the of them the and the the the and clicks the the and then the the the the the locking of the and the locking of the and the of of the Press the If that the and replacing: the of the the cover. the that might there. to off to the back
and the and to cleaning performance, appear to to this If this the and the operating, this overloading the when heavy Other then The to The To and the with If something to or the and high These To the the and then the please the highest to performance. first started, the the highest to on/off switch once and then to the selected the switch. through and the cover of or cover the cover from the the front of the and the rotating To the the located the and cover from the and top of the To the performance, the each Cleaning the thoroughly with to the If the Empty straight from the the light NOT then the On/Off once to the NOTE: If, when the to recharge and the charging off. The charging light should light performance only the and or three NOTE: CAUTION: while cleaning. while the of service life. Please to throw the or fire or with the with the (Item XB617U) to the from the to Battery or of with to or the or recycling information. To performance of recommended that the then completely re-charged once month. IMPORTANT: CAUTION the the charging the (120V., This batteries. first they the charger to the charging or the back of the to that the recharging the the switch To recharge, Charging The charging light the top of the the amount of hours. of charging Charger AD-1215-U8. the "OFF" properly Charging the from the mounting NOTE: the and from screw to or other or head screw with the the that the using the the back of the mounted Allow the screw head to STORING THE CORDLESS SWEEPER the the as to switch to the recharging from the and this the flashing and the operating. This and that to to recharge the The lights flashing the charge hour allow the to of The the from when of the used, and when cleaning and of the Please the following instructions highly advanced and that the to that features performance.