V2022 DC used, the causing to Charge of hours the charger with the If other months of the should recharge when the of high or with the charging attached to reduce the and then recharged to To the of batteries: (or as to as the battery, or property. and significantly. IMPORTANT IMPORTANT they to replaced. To purchase www.sharkvac.com of without The On/Off switch the to charge the If the charging charge and to the of If the or light, the On/Off switch once. Copyright EURO-PRO OPERATING LLC EURO-PRO LLC MA www.sharkvac.com
using basic should IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING YOUR CORDLESS SWEEPER. WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or injury: including the following to from instead the and to or of properly. or to high This includes rechargeable batteries. allow to as toy. when or the charger cord. the charger or the or or to EURO- as this only recommended with or PRO LLC examination, or from heated or charge this EURO-PRO LLC warrants this to free from and workmanship of from the of the purchase, when If to properly while household within the warranty the and freight Customer household to the following and Service or www.sharkvac.com. ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY V2022 with another KA12D090015023U with cord. charger directly to or such as or to the charger with other or to charge this with with and or with such as or that burning or such as matches, The from the when the battery. from If the which clothing, and of from and of the immediately If the the them immediately with clean the to the without charger (120V., other than this and follow and instructions. to while of and that reduce flow. of and or with when cleaning as they where they with this or ashes. or free of charge. of purchase and to cover the of The of EURO-PRO LLC to the of the or of the option. This warranty wear of and apply to cover caused or to from from or repairs, service or to the or of its warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the obligations the of the warranty. item to to include of purchase and to to item with and phone with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of ATTENTION constantly to products, therefore CUSTOMER SERVICE. including, without and which normally that with or This warranty or This warranty cover or caused or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or EURO-PRO LLC or of whatsoever. the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from If the found to or workmanship, EURO-PRO LLC to the of which authorized EURO-PRO LLC OWNERSHIP REGISTRATION CARD this acknowledge to and the instructions and Please and the within of purchase. The the contained to without Consumers the apply to specifically from warranty. forth the accompanying instructions. and included. to or to purchased of City Appliance RETURN TO EURO-PRO LLC H4S 1A7 V2022 SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY Printed
rotating Turn off Clear obstruction from the seconds, and then that the Customer Service securely Check or Charge attached. POSSIBLE SOLUTION POSSIBLE REASON PROBLEM TROUBLESHOOTING supplying charging Unit servicing. Battery misplaced. SWEEPER WILL NOT OPERATE PARTS AND COMPONENTS KA12D090015023U Release Charging Charging Light Empty Lights Head Charging On/Off Switch Gear Empty Charge Unit recharging. SWEEPER WILL NOT PICK-UP Empty DUST ESCAPING FROM SWEEPER from and/or or of Empty and charging to outlet properly. (Easily Press switch to another Unit On Charging functioning. Unit clogged. WILL NOT PICK UP ROTATING BRUSH SWEEPER WILL NOT CHARGE Clear of and and housing. DUST CUP WILL INTO SWEEPER NOT FIT BACK HOUSING NOTE: The shipped with the uncharged. Charging of the hours to first required. XB1916 only. from
The This should the first the assembly. assembly. You should from the and with the the This the assembly and operation of The charging shipped the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Assembling To the follow instructions the and the the and clicks the from to right. the the the the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the the the the that the the the To the the from the and the To the performance and of the cover from the and located the top of the the cover the front of the and of or the rotating threads or with following: the the fits or other that to or bathroom or Dont to the the Once month the with cloth, including the chamber which the or should or to of high heat or humidity. or with the while cleaning. Dont of or with the built the chamber, and the rotating or rough or
Turn the head to the locking of the and the to the from the head. the cover. the On. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The Gear users. To the height, the release the The to to the height that and the to to height OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Release the from the Gear Gear the charger to the charging or the of the the charging the (120V., KA12D090015023U Charging Light Charging Instructions the first the the bushing the the from the and off the to the the If when the to recharge and the charging light This first they To recharge, Charging the recharging the the "On/Off" switch the "OFF" This to correctly orientated or mount performance the and recommended that the then completely re-charged least The charging light the top of the to then the once to the off. The NOT On/Off to throw the or fire or To performance of to the from the to charge to or the the while the with the amount of charging charging light should light hours that the properly or three when once month.
without charge and to the If the or of three months of the should and then Charge of hours to reduce only the with the If other chargers used, the causing to the battery, or property. they to recharge when the (or as to replaced. To purchase and the with the charging and of high or humidity. recharged to the significantly. of as www.sharkvac.com OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS To The To the performance, the each Press the release with foot. to the On OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Cleaning the If as to to to service to this service Battery the which connected to the and the located the Empty Warning You ordinary as these and This with and to of them properly. recycling information the recycling and of the they from the the reason other than of them. only XB1916 batteries. Follow the of Battery when required. the cover the cover from the and Once the foot to the the head and of or the rotating To the release the back release the release The should Periodically, the cover the front of the the cover from the and located the top of the threads or with the slightly to that the securely and ready to of high heat or humidity. or should or to or bathroom or while cleaning.
the On/Off switch to the To off, switch This the type of cleaned. operating charged. of charge. please that the initially only properly when the hours. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS To Turn that the facing upwards. to the Press the release with foot and from the locking and off cover. head. ON. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Compartment Cover Battery Battery of Battery To release the to apply to the top of the head with foot while back the "On/Off switch the the the and the release the from the the and the the the cover the from the to the of Follow instructions Please service there batteries. and Connector caused the rotating or something. If the rotating the cover from the head to becomes turning and both lights This protects from to overheating, that Press the On/Off switch the should of or the rotating brushes. seconds to allow the to cool the To the Press the On/Off switch. To the of the the once. One light On the the cleaning lights On the the cleaning or of with Please NOT to the this with other type of This The or recycling information. battery.