Accessory SC410 Shown Assembled to Not Included. Application Card and within of purchase. Accessory warranted to from and workmanship of from the of when household the purchaser only. The included Warranty This Warranty to effective should with Should covered the terms of the warranty within EURO-PRO LLC or the the purchaser, freight to: this YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY Item XSC410 Included. Wallpaper Scraper Shown Assembled to Application LLC or of whatsoever. of purchase and and The of this warranty to the of the or the option. LABOUR CHARGES ARE NOT This warranty cover wear of and apply to that with or This Warranty caused or to or This warranty to the purchaser of the and other and/or warranties. The responsibility of EURO-PRO LLC to the the of the warranty. EURO-PRO States/Provinces the or of or This warranty rights which from to or item to to to item with and with purchase information, and what the with the (as covered warranty). the of the apply to ATTENTION CUSTOMER SERVICE. charges included.* to INCLUDED. EURO-PRO LLC., NY the with the hose or with the the UNPLUGGED from the to attaching or WARNING: Wallpaper Scraper Wallpaper Scraper or hose to the Follow instructions attaching the the Wall Scraper constantly to products, therefore the specifications to without to the of the To the wallpaper to the 08/03A Printed To the to the the hose clicks with the the locking the right.
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS this as to the and white terry cloth the UNPLUGGED from the to attaching or WARNING: Attaching Towel to the Steam with right and the and to the the To the to the below. the and the the other of the the cloth D). the as shown through thin towels. that the sufficiently Please that that towels, top of the through and other used. This that the and as as to the that the cover the front and the the back of the D) the the cloth C) C locking and the the other and then the hand To The To the to the directly to the or operation the the with the the sections the top of the towel. as shown A. white terry cloth towel: