USERS MANUAL EV LLC FL www.evrider.com
It to and follow the instructions and information this to wear (which with each SNR scooter). Comply with and off This only. Recommended years of age or each properly the of and the when the scooter with the optional seat. warranty as as IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE
Information Information Terrain Mechanical About the Additional Information Assembly Instructions Assembly Assembly the Optional Seat Assembly Coupling the to the the Battery You to the Battery and Charger Trouble Shooting Specifications Warranty Information TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It to and follow the instructions and the information contained within this owner's to Information The SNR recreational battery-operated vehicle. It medically and should as such. wear when the SNR. and EV with each SNR scooter. This recommended users than years comply with and with or the of to with to the SNR. SNR to and turning free of and the SNR The SNR to operated or light It to other or these the vehicle near approaching announce to This to items the SNR they securely the or the SNR scooter vehicle, or the SNR to or Terrain smooth, The SNR off-road or hilly terrain when approaching potholes or The to than You when these the of This increase the wear of the and the to the
Mechanical and releases to that the properly assembled. Stop using the immediately or release becomes Re-tighten the or release to the The and to the the and through If the touches the the the or replaced. About the The the which houses and the charger While the from the that the the first least hours). when recharging the charge the to becoming the that ventilated. from the while recharged. to the charger to the Stop the charger the or the charger (XLR becomes worn, or the inspected and repaired authorized/qualified the or to this and the warranty immediately. motors, and charging or the scooter. the to other battery-operated
Additional Information the height to and the scooter. The should to easily the (throttle and They should higher than the or to and of the If the seat option, the should to the seating height of the The seat height should such that both should the comfortably and the to the and seat height should and finished the scooter, the and with This unauthorized of the the to the from and that the to If service necessary, authorized scooter service. to service the scooter yourself. Service other than authorized service the warranty. service information or www.evrider.com.
Fast/Slow Battery ON/OFF Headlight Horn Motor/Drive Rear Battery FWD/REV Throttle Optional Seat
Assembly Instructions shipped boxes: containing the and containing the the from the protective ready to scooter following these Assembly: the height to allow the insertion of the of the and that the and the caught the the section and to height. the screw the and then the with the You and the height height that the and securely to the Assembly: the from the to ease the of the washer the wheel the wheel the other washer and the Tighten hand. the the other the wrench (or wrench), the to the DO NOT the and that the wheel freely securely to the the the other
the Optional Seat Assembly: the seat assembly and them to the of the seat assembly the seat-post locking from the seat-post to allow insertion of the through the from the the to the and the seat-post that the the wheel, otherwise with the facing the front of the scooter, which the to the and them the provided. that to every affixing it to the the and the locking seat-post locking This to the seat assembly and once seat that the the of the seat the seat-post the seat receiver. Tighten the and the seat assembly the and seat height. DO NOT to the seat-post You ready to the and the together. Seat Seat-Post
Coupling the to the the secondary from the to allow the to through the receiver. the with the and the lightly the locking The would the that the deflecting the and that the of the This that the secured. the secondary and the Battery With the the of the of the facing the front the the housing the top of the with the Turn the to the ON and the to the You ready to
You the to follow the below: and the information section of that the that the to the tight. that the and the securely connected and that the secondary and securely that the height (and the seat height this option) to release locking and to each secured. that properly inflated with the option. the function. importantly, to ready to worn. to the Scooter It that to the scooter, follow these Mount the and the with resting the that the locked. to locked. Turn the to ON (clockwise). to the the that the switch (FWD/REV) to or the that to to. Select the or as that using the scooter with
the and become apply the throttle the achieved. Once that to become with the scooter and that there field. to while turning and to the of the to the IMPORTANT NOTICE The off to the whenever the applied. the releasing of the the to the to release the apply the throttle. If using the seat option, strongly that the FAST Battery and Charger Warning: the charging that with scooter. of other charging or warranty and to the and the scooter and fire the shows least to recharge the batteries. Overcharging life. The recharged while the or when To charge the the charger the XLR to the charger the charger to the the chargers LED should of the following RED shows that the charger to the to the AMBER shows that the charger charging the GREEN shows that the charger finished charging the or that the and
The to years of trouble-free that the user of leaving to the neglecting to charge or using that recommended. to the there serviceable Attempting to service or of the scooters internal to the scooter and the warranty. service and EV It to each the of the and to their and tightness. Occasionally and to function. Trouble Shooting Below to technical that PROBLEM The turned to the ON there The turned to the ON the and the locked. The turned to the ON the shows charge, there The The too to and it completely. The while. The scooter The that the and the top of the with each other. The too to and You the charger to the or to the and the The the charger to the The which the and the The to allow the to the completely. that this and connected. The the from the The charge Charge the charge shown. One of both of the the tested with to they charge. The the the PROBABLE CAUSE(S)
Ground clearance Battery Seat Charger Top type Tire Battery type Charger Optional Seat type Notice: and to without SNR-1000 Black Textured ABS SPECIFICATIONS (With optional DC 24V, 500W Optional 12V AH 2A with built-in
ONE-YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY One year including and seat purchased with this option). From from the of purchase, or of the Scooter found examination to and/or workmanship, repaired or replaced, EV option, without charge. charges warranty. The purchaser the to the authorized facility. Satisfactory of purchase, and the of purchase required. warranty service, please the from whom purchased EV ONE-YEAR WARRANTY EXCEPTIONS Motor: where there increase the the warranty apply. (The increase usually to and the scooter.) The warranted EV months the purchase of the Warranty service EV or authorized EV service facility. to EV without and incurred while or the responsibility of the purchaser. WARRANTY EXCLUSIONS This warranty to the purchaser of the Scooter. The Warranty items which to wear and tear and brushes, shrouds and footrest covers, caused by: or or operation, or or other than Used other than the of the purchaser's and/or to of the scooter without and from EV LLC service and other charges incurred of the EV warranty which to wear and tear to the normally become within the first months of performance this normally associated with wear and tear, or and as such covered the warranty. There other warranty. warranties, including those of merchantability and to from the of the purchase and to the and excluded. This the and warranties excluded. WARRANTY TERMS
NOTES