Introducing the washers and that
The New Money. conservation. built products from to from of of conservation-minded washers and that the money and and years. With sophisticated operation. the without the Introducing the washers and
EDV278EL EWF272EL Washer EWF272EL Washer White or Graphite front-loaders, washers and loads. The washers to or three of The and cleans and the washer the really tough with optional cold-water (EWF150) or Prewash Then, the to higher than top-loaders and front-loaders. washers to as as top-loaders and than front-loaders extracting to Finally, SentryDry with heat and to reduce hours of
EDV158 Dryer (top) EWF150 Washer Earth and their capacity, than easy counters anywhere. top-loaders and other front-loaders, Theres ingenious that washes and clothes 110V and the of washers, the Select washer the Serenity offering heavy and four shock This smooth, and triple-layer top, Serenity to further reduce and to the from the isnt the thing as as washer to one-third electricity than other and the cleans efficiently, the and bleach. as thrifty with the earths as with
Money. clear washers and to the cleaners. to electricity, and bleach, reduces wear and tear clothes. Theres easy-access to to of purchase info? loads. Conserving The Warranty covers years years and years years EWC177 Washer Unit shown optional platform that eases and EDC158
Specifications Washers Chart EWF272EL EWF172 EWF150 EWC177 Capacity*: NERGY TAR rated (Delicate/PermaPress/Normal): Colors (White, Graphite) W, Serenity shock Serenity Twin torsion QuicknEasy outer heater: Water (with boost) (with Wool/Hand F/Hot/Warm/Cold of: Optional of: Cold option: Soak/Prewash option: and protection: top with ADA Every factory tested certified: Height: Width: closed): Dryers Chart EDV278EL EDV158 EDC158 EWC177 Capacity: Colors (White, Graphite) W, NA NA Wrinkle-reducing, auto-reversing rotation: QuicknEasy Normal and Normal SentryDry CoolTouch cool Water NA Every factory tested certified: top with ADA Width: closed): *According to DOE P.O. Richardson, TX Copyright AM Appliance Group. of the AM Appliance Group. the right to the facts of purchasing and efficiency information PN Printed Inc. Normal Whites Normal Washer/Dryer) Washer/Dryer)