and Instructions Smooth ORIGO should and become with these instructions to of these Section and these instructions operating ORIGO these instructions review. operating this should with the information and instructions FOR YOUR SAFETY, PLEASE READ AND FOLLOW THESE SAFETY PRECAUTIONS. THEY ARE INTENDED TO MINIMIZE THE POSSIBILITY OF SERIOUS HARM. the properly and grounded with or the that the its Turn the off when or towels, or other the and free of grease or other to the the the turned off. The cooking only. as heater items of to or the Children or around the while seriously allow to this children the when and allow to or of the the while operation. greasy catch fire and crack or with Follow ABYC and RVIA RV Other installations other should only! and items such as and food or other top of the when the of potholders, and and closely when cooking with grease and to extinguish grease fires. properly rated fire extinguisher. allow clothing or items to with while and that and rated with and rated and that Clean the with allow to the this and or or technician should repairs. only when necessary. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FUTURE REFERENCE
Specifications and Instructions and Specifications 7/8"L 5/8"W 1/32"D 7/8"L 9/16"W 5/32"D and Specifications 1/16"L 7/8"W 1/32"D 1/32"L 7/8"W 5/32"D and Specifications 5/8"L 1/8"W 1/32"D 5/8"L 1/8"W 5/32"D The should location easy and operation. clearance of inches should Normal of the the countertop of indicated the specifications. there interference below the to cutting. Allow beneath the countertop. of recommended. to performance and fire of the operation of built-in The to the countertop The should to the that without service should necessary. the to the the them to the and screws. three marine-type with the to AC only. the the to that the of the matches the of the The wires Black L1 White L2 ground. The should fused with with the and that the section.
of ORIGO The located the cooking such to which which To PUSH-AND- TURN from the OFF to the heat the rotated right or to reach the to activating the turning of activates lights. The first, while the The second, located to the the HOT light and the deactivated and the to The the HI, MED and LO These or to the heat each The advanced HiLight heating this heat-up. that the cooking of operation! of the To the cooking from this following to follow when cooking or food: Heat instantaneous, whereas cool-down Therefore it to the immediately to the should of and the to with the heating To this, recommended that used. and recommended HIGH the the or slightly than the heating The and location of each indicated the graphics the cooking the of the the heating of each the switched off. Watch the HOT light and to the which or become to the cool- and Cleaning and easy to with recommended cleaner. cleaners or the cooking Normal the cool and the HOT light off. Apply amount of cleaning the of each to cleaned. and the the as cleaning with clean, towel. Cleaning and that while the off and the surrounding the with towel. the should treated as burned-on referenced below. If or foods with high the IMMEDIATELY while the with potholder to while cleaning from
Scrape the or from the cooking of the Then off the allow the to cool that the HOT light and to Normal outlined Cleaning Burned-on the HOT light off and the cool. the burned-on with the to the and as would off Complete the following the Normal outlined It thin cookware, that there from rub-off. These often appear as scratches easily the cleaning with Cleaning Creams There creams specifically to such as the them the housewares section of stores, merchandise stores, and stores, and and bath stores. The cleaning creams ELCO CLEANING CRME GOLDEN VENTURES CERAMA BRYTE HOPES COOKTOP CLEANING CREAM Service service the following and that the or satisfactorily, first Electricity properly connected, and the turned and and the and correctly the The and The correct. ORIGO AB SWEDEN Northgate FL USA DOMETIC ORIGO AB SE Next, CONTACT ORIGO (or its to service to furnish the and as indicated the located the of the outer You instructions where to or the as as of warranty Should the OFF the the from within the Instead, the the VREDBAND IMPORT, INC. A, Chomedey, 1P5 CANADA