USER GUIDE S250
S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER GUIDE choosing the S250 To the from please to this and with the features, and About the S250 Everyone from their and the S250 foundation With and pass-throughs active the S250 and to and surround sixth input the Effects (LFE) with its pass-through feeding when or acoustic The allows to the to active low-end This the lowest which performance, and options the Other the front through which the character of the and redirects acoustic though The includes the and This the active continuously phase and polarity switch. Theres input switch in/out selection. The LFE input its and Everything together as The S250 Crossover, phase, and polarity Direct included this user Additional information found www.eventelectronics.com.
Unpacking The to subwoofer Please and and immediately to or to the that the to The to reuseddo them. If to the subwoofer to the factory shipped the The and subwoofer The S250 and anything If confused about integrating subwoofer or about to surround with subwoofer, If currently of active field and runningthat properly front of reasonable acoustic environmentthen ready to and the S250. enough, with the three of the mounted the height as existing monitors, and ready surround The that the acoustic apply whether or You follow these with monitors. If trusted three of the surround surround monitors. It to both from the this instinctively to The to surround where the (fronts, rears, and subwoofer) to the S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER USER GUIDE
S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER GUIDE the the of this with the the and offsets The positioning the the of both the and subwoofer directly front of the the ear directly the the nearfield typically or of straight-ahead, to ear If the the If each them directly each everything the Finally, surround with front, and the The located front and with the front least of or from each other. The rear surround often spaced than the front as as and The S250 the LFE the of active or both LFE only. the LFE the LFE input and the with the LFE If using other than Direct Monitors, with the Polarity switch the (off) and the Phase to These LFE phase relationship to the If
Direct Monitors, the found the the of active This and Instead of directly to active monitors, the to the the S250, and feed the pass-throughs from those to monitors. The the S250 of the and within the subwoofer. If other than Direct Monitors, with the Polarity switch the (off) and the Phase to If Direct Monitors, using the found the the subwoofer the muted with the This the theres LFE input. together. The S250 surround where with the LFE input. If using other than Direct Monitors, with the Polarity switch the (off) and the Phase to These LFE phase relationship to the If Direct Monitors, the found the The Phase to when the cant the Notice the OFFSET below. to when the subwoofer the S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER USER GUIDE
S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER USER GUIDE PS8 TR8 PS6 PS5 TR5 Recommended the S250 with and S250 to and The finished with that cleaned with cloth. touching the the or the to or chemicals. the to or splashing with should the The located below the switch the S250 If with If please the to service to the switch off, the internal connected to the AC Circle Polarity Phase Normal Normal Normal
Contacting Customer Service If with S250 please the Customer Service calling, however, that please the Technical section of www.eventelectronics.com. If S250 of please the Customer Service to Authorization (RA#). servicing those that RA#. Units shipped without RA# refused. S250 Specifications Long-throw coated with surround and high- Amplifier 250W, Linear LFE Crossover: third Sound below BW Inputs: One LFE XLR-1/4" 1.1V with LFE 0.35V LFE with LFE Pass-Through One LFE pass-through, throughs, XLR LFE Polarity Phase ity, Monitor-Sub S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER USER GUIDE
S250 SYSTEM SUBWOOFER USER GUIDE S250 Specifications LED 300VA, factory 120V~ 220-240V~ or 100V~ Polarity: input outward LF (with Polarity off) MDF, internally insulated Specifications to without S250 LLC P.O. CA www.eventelectronics.com of LLC. S250, S250, and Tuned Reference of LLC.