o o o o o o o o C C and Operation Instructions
This to the users of EZ With years of researches, to the high products to the users. the of the right to to the and without the of the products, including and based the of each to of users. Meanwhile, please that every of follow the instruction of this to EZ the Please that or from operation. Notice
of Warning Introduction. Specification Instructions the
the with when the or to shock or to to or base. the or the from TV, the from the the the high the from or other heat as the high deformation, or other of the the where the the the the the or other bright whether or Cleaning the of CCD directly. cloth to the from the or and to the CCD and the the the cover the mount. Warning
The EZ offers performance CCD The EZ such as stations or The sophisticated heater that weather. The EZ protection the and High TV Aspherical with specifically shield. The heater allows the to to C. Introduction
350HQ 550EX CCD NTSC: 768(H) 494(V) TV length: Correction: S/N ration: On/Off switch light Comp.: On/Off switch On/Off switch On/Off switch IP Weather DC12V/AC24V 15W when heater active 83(W) 70(H) 172.5(L) PAL: 752(H) 582(V) Specification
and Their Functions Fixing Plate Fixing Plate Assembly Screw Assembly Screw Fixing Screw Fixing Screw IRIS IRIS Heater Heater Swivel Screw Swivel Screw Fixing Plate Fixing Plate Seal Switch Switch Mounting Mounting Mounting Bracket Mounting Bracket
the screws, mount the the location. the BNC of the to or other through type with BNC the AC24V or DC12V of the to the with DC12V please the outer- heater If the factory of or other required, follow the below. the fixing screw the front, which the shield cover. the shield cover. and the housing cover. (Please to to the the and locking screws. the to the Heater when the the screws. Please to the section the of the other accordingly necessary. Instructions
the and completed, the cover gently. to to the and To reassemble the shield, match the the shield to the back fixing of the screw the front fixing the of the fixing the of the the the mounting the screw and the to the Tighten the screw. To strengthen the fixing of the screw, the set-screw with the set-screw wrench. (supplied) Notes: (A) only that (A) There attached to the housing the the housing. disconnected. which to the housing To recommended that the or It to the of the housing cover The
The factory and normally however, necessary. Please to the following the function The IRIS ALC and IRIS located the board, screwdriver to necessary. IRIS To Turn the IRIS VR counterclockwise to Turn the IRIS VR clockwise to brighter IRIS ALC To light Turn the IRIS ALC VR counterclockwise Turn the IRIS ALC VR clockwise IRIS IRIS ALC Switches
The switches located the board, the switches Light Comp, and Normal/On fiercely, FL then the the of 1/100(NTSC) or 1/120(PAL) automatically, and reduce the immediately. The Normal. BLC Light Compensation) Normal/On BLC turned the AGC, ES and IRIS operating the instead of field-of-view, that foreground clearly distinguished from brightly-lit backgrounds. BLC should to back-lit. The Normal. FL Normal On BLC Normal On On On AGC LL Switches On On On On
AGC Off/On AGC ON: The increases when light AGC OFF: A-low-noise obtained light The On. LL Off/On To the off) and (LL the off, the to the internal base. the the synchronization the AC the The operation only when with AC with DC
Instructions the to the from the the The the and easy instruction as following: first and the the of the and the cover and gently. the EZ
Head Office: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw USA Office: CA U.S.A. TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.de Office: Information Industry District, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.cn Office: WBG MARIBU East 18F, city TEL FAX www.everfocus.com MZ35G00200