and Instructions and Instructions EDR1600
and Instructions WARNING TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. CAUTION DO NOT REMOVE COVER. NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL. WARNING: This tested and found to with the Class A to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference their or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference Causing Regulations. Notice: The information this when published. The the right to and its products. therefore to without
and Instructions PRECAUTIONS related to the of this to service or the or the cover. through This permanently the Turn the off immediately and service service. to the To shock, screws or covers. There user-serviceable service the with or as this the the to or to areas. action the becomes Turn the off and servicing to service the and shock. or when cleaning the cloth to clean the when dirty. the to and gently. and cords as this of fire or shock. the its specified or ratings. the where high or high the within o C o C and below The input this 115V AC or 230V AC,
and Instructions of Product Technical Rear Installation.... Optional Operations Action Motion Action Action Action Motion PTZ Functions and Supervisor) Select HDD Remote Connecting the Remote PC and Remote Remote from and Specifications Recording C
Product The EDR1600 state-of-the-art that recording and to the CCTV With architecture, high performance and recording algorithms, easily without the increasing of performance, reliability, and the CCTV industry. to or B/W operation: recording, MPEG-1 and JPEG with motion with and each with and reactions recording, recording or both Pre recording motion, and with and internal to to the capacity highest Non-editable with caused sectors recording) .MPG or .MOV to ZIP CD-RW, DVD RAM full-screen, and history motion, input to high of security Recording to NTSC, PAL Playback to NTSC, PAL playback. memory, off protection, and Watch Graphics user interface with built-in NO OS (English, Chinese, Spanish, Finnish, Swedish, Dutch and Remote and through WEB (such as IE or or Remote function recording and Instructions
Technical and The to NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR To the of least to the input. The with each. input termination each automatically. or to the of NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR. and VGA and optional The displays the selected Another that displays or the of the Processing The the switching of the built-in to the The the from the and the incoming JPEG or MPEG-1 that and NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR. playback, the the JPEG or MPEG-1, and then displays the the VGA or TV and The the with the each the If Motion, or Loss) the the the to the and the recording that to its recording the the recording reaches the of the recording the switch to the and from the of that and Instructions
playback, the selected to ZIP CD-RW, DVD RAM .MPG MPEG-1 or .MOV JPEG Recording please to B. Motion Detection The continuously motion. motion detected, the reacts to the motion action the including increase of recording sounding the the Motion options each input (height) overlay. You or motion types. the recording NOT influenced motion the The VGA and TV or from The NTSC or PAL. as displayed the following and the displays based and ease of user operations. The displays of associated with or from the It based switched input. Playback The recorded to the recorded of the recorded of the JPEG or MPEG-1 and each to its With the that each recorded the each and information automatically. The the VGA and/or TV and Instructions
IDE Architecture the other HDD-based If those they RAID of or SCSI which With the IDE Architecture, the EDR1600 to of IDE that With GB of the than GB and required. Non-editable Recorded The as .MPG or .MOV which played or QuickTime. Therefore, those the the recorded the other recorders. the recorded the the editing (They those That to the recorded to the and Instructions
Rear The following of the front and of EDR1600. Rear Switch From Rear Selector Switch: 115V AC or 230V AC switch. Warning: To the this switch the screwdriver to the switch to the that the shown the as the AC 115V AC or 230V AC Selector AC 115V: 100-120V AC) Selector AC 230V: 200-260V AC) Connector: to the PS2 The connected Connector: to the (optional). and Instructions
USB Connectors: to USB CD-RW, DVD RAM, ZIP. RS-232 Connector: to Connector: to RS-232 Connector: to PTZ to or other to microphone or other VGA BNC BNC TV BNC TV BNC from the input. LAN Connector Ethernet base-T. Connector: to EDA800. Cooling Cooling of internal Switching Supply. BNC to ground. BNC from the input. to ground. to ground. to Normally Closed Normally outputs ground. and Instructions
Trays: HDD#1 and HDD#2 Please to HDD#1 as and HDD#2 as The should the or the with the 1.44MB. and Switch: and HDD indication, to the and Switch to on/off the Cooling HDD#2 to HDD#2 or HDD#1 HDD#2 anytime when recording. the other there If that HDD#2 please off both HDD#1 and HDD#2, and then both of them immediately. strongly that as HDD#1 because they and and Instructions
The installations below should service or Please to the Selector Switch the to the EDR1600. screwdriver to the switch to the that the shown the as the AC Please to the following the and Instructions VGA TV CD-RW DVD RAM PTZ EDA800 Ethernet
each of the input to the from or other At least connected the the of to VGA the VGA to VGA The VGA displays selected or recorded PS2 to the that least the trays. HDD#1 as and HDD#2 as The should the or the with the the 115V AC or 230V AC the to the Selector Switch the Optional the Connector to TV This displays the of associated with or from the to user to NC or NO type of Please to the software of accordingly. to NC type of NO type. the Connector to AT TV the Connector to TV This displays selected or recorded and Instructions
EDA800 the Connector to EDA800 the purchased EDA800. If EDR1600 please EDA800 first, and then the PTZ the PTZ to the RS-232(Com The of PTZ ED2200, SCC-641P and CD-RW, DVD RAM, (USB If the to CD-RW or DVD RAM to recorded to the USB (USB the to the USB The of HP P1000, HP 940C/930C/5550 and EPSON ZIP USB If the to ZIP or USB to recorded connected to the Connector or USB Ethernet The from the PC the LAN to RJ45 Shown below of the The from the PC the RS to Shown below of the ISDN The from the PC ISDN. the ISDN the ISDN and Instructions EDR1600 EDR1600
The the The the of the and those the right indication. If grayed, that the function the or right. The followings each of the icons. hour the and the shown YYYY/MM/DD Shutdown To shutdown the To the to those playback To the to their and the To the To the of the and Instructions
TV To the of the TV To the as or Static To and Static each the shown its To the the buttons the displayed Static the selected shown the (Static (Static (Static (Static (Static (Static (Static To and indication. Next To the to while To the and the recording of the recording There of the GREEN Normal, the than of the capacity. YELLOW Warning, the below of the capacity. RED the below of the capacity. There of the The and Instructions
then back to the of the bottommost ID#1. There GRAY/BLACK Not or GREEN Normal, YELLOW and Recording RED Motion Each individually and Supervisor, including the live/playback and Operations Click the the following shown the The following each item shown the arrow to the to this Live/Playback To to or this (Please to Chapter the of and Archive) To the shown this Switch To While the playback this item switch the to and Instructions
Operations If the the treated as and only the and To as or Supervisor, please the and the and the factory both of them Supervisor, the factory both of them The allows to user accounts each The and each (please to The the related to the the related to playback and archive (please to and Instructions
If as the and Click the to the highlighted and the to the Click the the corner, the software of the and shown the The the please to information. The the the and the the action Please the the to clear the and Instructions There of Motion, Loss, and On/Off. To the please the The shown as below:
To as please the and the and (the factory both of them To the of the please the The as below. Click the item the respective the of each please to the following Click the item to the If the related to to the those to If the (please to the item and and Instructions
The the the when the (or Please to and Motion they There On and duty, the to to the meaningful they from or the other Night, Normal, Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected using the or the and Instructions
The the the those as of the There WORK DAY through and HOLIDAY and the to to each to and their and Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected using the or the The to the selected shown the Please the to the the respective Arrow buttons to the the and To) of the the of the as of the to Chapter and Instructions
The the to the of each Its to to years of Operations: the item selected, the shown the The active month shown the of the The shown the of the Please the to the active (the the DOWN Click the to its to the active or the to the to the active Click to of the months to the active Click the to the of month, month to the active month. and Instructions
Action The Actions allow the to the to the from the Inputs. There to Actions that to applications. each Action, its as shown the and below. Operations: the Action item selected, the Action shown the Please the item the Action then the Action and then the the selected Action the or the the other to the selected Action shown the Action The following each item shown Duration to seconds) the relay and the the Action the arrow buttons to the seconds). To the that to this Action. The Action Action and and Instructions
to The option while the PTZ the and the location. The PTZ to the location while the action of the location please to PTZ Pre-record Pre-record to seconds) the Action the intensively recorded the arrow buttons to the seconds). to the Action the recorded Recording Please to Recording Rate of the Up/Down arrow buttons to the seconds-60minutes). to the when the Action To which when the Action NC and NO please to Click the arrow to of the (AO when the Action NC NO The Normal State shows whether the selected NC or NO On To the internal or when the Action to or Please to the To the or when the Action To Stop the Action the and relay activated. If to those actions or moving/clicking the please this and Instructions
Record To recording function while the action If the switch to the when the Action the switch the to Please to the To the function or when the Action The to the receivers with attached which the graphic of the the graphic QCIF GIF NTSC, PAL). Please to Chapter Network the (Optional) users. Please to the the information. the that the Action to the internal and the to immediately. The the FPS PAL and FPS the recording the FPS, recording that the FPS the Pre-record the PAL) or NTSC) the recording the The PAL, NTSC Pre-record FPS, FPS FPS. If the action the from the there the action. and Instructions
Motion Action The Motion Actions allow the to the to the motion the There to Motion Actions that to The the with the motion. each Motion Action, its as shown the and below. Operations: the Motion Action item selected, the Motion Action shown the Please the item the Action then the Action and then the the selected Action using the or the the other to the selected Action shown the Action Please to the Action the and operations, the followings: The and as as the when the motion they The the with the motion. and Instructions
Action The Actions allow the to the to the the There to Actions that to The the with the Loss. each Action, its as shown the and below. Operations: the Action item selected, the Action shown the Please the item the Action then the Action and then the the selected Action the or the the other to the selected Action shown the Action Please to the Action the and operations, the followings: There or the The the with the and Instructions
Action The Actions allow the to the when the reach the capacity. Operations: the Action item selected, the Action shown the this item to overwrite the recorded from HDD#1 when the reaches the While the overwrite the recorded the or the The Duration to seconds) the relay and the the detected. the arrow buttons to the seconds). to the when the detected. To which when the NC and NO please to Click the arrow to of the (AO and Instructions
when the NC NO The Normal State shows whether the selected NC or NO On To the internal or when the detected. to or Please to the To the or when the capacity detected. to the function. There to the receivers while the than Please to Chapter If the capacity reaches the with the function while the user as the to the to as or the further and Instructions
The allows the to the each each There to connected to the each and each the as shown the and below. Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected the or the The Recording Quality and the apply to the please the item the to the the other to the selected shown the and the highlighted the The following each item shown and Instructions
To the text of the the arrow buttons to select, the shown the this item the selected If the selected the items the Each The PTZ PTZ ID the PTZ item and the PTZ ID the selected PTZ The ID to with the Please to the operating of the the PTZ To the Rate and of the PTZ the Arrow to the items. Please to the of the the Recording Quality The with the lowest (rough) the highest quality. The the arrow buttons to the MPEG (MPEG-1) or JPEG-CIF (JPEG), NTSC, PAL. to The to to the Click the and items to the location. the the from to the the from to right. Click the the The options to function, the and of the the Motion Detection to motion the selected the selected Motion Action The Motion Action motion and Instructions
Action The Action Normal Record (FPS) The recording the selected the selected the arrow to the The (or Record (FPS) The alarm-recording the selected the selected the arrow buttons to the The (or The recording the FPS PAL, FPS NTSC. If the recording than FPS, the the recording each to the FPS. The to the theres as FPS the recording the as FPS. and Instructions
The allows the to the each each There to connected to the each and each and its Action. enough to to Actions and hence users Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected using the or the the Action each please the item the to the the other to the selected shown the and the highlighted the The following each item shown this item the selected If the selected the items the right The NOT and Instructions
Normal State NC or NO, please the connected to the the of the the arrow to the type. Action to Action the selected the selected Action The Action the its from to to Actions and Instructions
The allows the to the each There to Normally Closed (NC) (AO and Normally (NO) (AO the Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected the or the and Instructions
The allows the to the Please to Chapter the of the each please to Operations: the item selected, the shown the The following each item shown of to the arrow to the The To the to the following items. of of the shown of The the selected shown including and and Instructions
The allows the to the and Static (please to Chapter Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please or Static first. the then the and Text Colors each Static the and Text Colors each To Select or Select Text please Select or Select Text first, then the the or Text accordingly. The following each item shown To the and Instructions
Static To the Static To the the arrow to the To the the selected the arrow to the The seconds) the selected shown the arrow to the The To the Static the arrow to the The and and Instructions
Motion The Motion allows the to motion each each each and each the Detection and as shown the and below. Operations: the Motion item selected, the Motion shown the Please the and the first. the other to the selected and the selected shown their respective the Detection please the (Clear) then the and the to (clear) the To the please the and the The shown On the right the showing the of the motion. The following each item shown and Instructions
the arrow to the the arrow to the To the Detection active Clear To clear the Detection active Showing the the selected the to (clear) the Detection The motion the with The and Its Showing the the selected and the the to the The Curve showing the of the motion, with the higher than the the as motion detected, as motion detected. To the to their the and the To the to their the selected and the selected The selected to the of of the applications. Please the first the and Instructions
The allows the to the and the and The allows to accounts each The the the (Supervisor, Supervisor), the Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the Account the information shown to the selected To the information, each item and the and the the field, then to the To account, the user the and the the field, then to the account to the and Instructions
The allows the to the sharpness-adjusting, TV and the to or the from the Operations: the item selected, the shown the The following the each item shown LAN Card IP the IP of the the To the IP please and Instructions the Gateway the to the to Gateway IP the IP while the
IP the to IP The The their name-to translation, however, please to the item selected, the shown the Dialout the to ISP, and The to to the or ISDN. Click the ISDN or to the and Instructions Dialout The the function, which the and to ISP theres to Click the ISDN or to the Dialout
If ISDN selected as the please EAZ/MSN and ISDN The of IP IP and the and both The IP and the users. To the of the function. The following shown the the item selected. SMTP Normally, to SMTP and as the the their SMTP and the If the SMTP authentication, the item and the effective and below. the which would to the outgoing URL the URL to the The URL shown the outgoing and Instructions
The to to receivers each action. the WAP the the right of the Network the (Optional) Please to the the information. Select the which connected to the The of HP P1000, HP 940C/930C/5550 and EPSON The interfaces, English, Chinese, Spanish, Finnish, Swedish, Dutch and Click to the interface, the interface switch to the selected the The allows the to the to or the from the Please the and then of the options from Download to or from Daylight the to Daylight The of Daylight as below; the while the Daylight function North America Clocks hour the first to the October. Union turned hour the to the October. TV NTSC or PAL, the and Instructions
the front. Basically, the automatically, to the might to the which caused or this the manually to the Sharpness The the sharpness of the shown the To the sharpness, the and the to to right ones. Software Click the the and the to inform the theres software downloading. To the software, to the downloading. The and while the downloading completed. the to please that the connected to the and the correct. Factory Click the to the to the The 2.0(and software FPS(NTSC) /25FPS(PAL) or 60FPS(NTSC)/50FPS(PAL) recording the MB DRAM and LAN please the and Instructions
The allows the to the of the each There connected to the Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item it to the Click the item the action the Normal Record option to the selected Click ON to Normal Record this selected type, Click OFF to Normal Record. and Instructions
The function allows the to the of the Operations: the item selected, the shown the Click the item the then the (1-60seconds) the using the arrow Click the Select to the and shown the the right. Click to the selected item from the click to from the Click to the to and Instructions
PTZ Functions The of PTZ which the easily the functions through the interface. Please to Chapter of the PTZ Operations: While the PTZ there showing the right of the Click the the of the PTZ shown the The following the each item shown If item grayed, the function currently or the PTZ the function. To the the to the the the arrow then to the To the to the the the arrow then Select to focusing or Near or to accordingly. To the and function. the to the then Up/Down/Right/Left to the to in/out. and Instructions
To function. Select the (high, or from the the arrow then to The the and Click to To the to each the Select the from the the arrow then to the Click to Iris To the of the PTZ Click Inc. to brighter Click to ED2200 and SCC-641P only. Please to the of the PTZ the information. ED2200 and SCC-641P only. Please to the user of the PTZ the information. and Instructions
If please the the to the the The YYYY/MM/DD whilst the hour (HH:MM:SS). The built-in clock accordingly. and Instructions
and Supervisor) On the please the the shown as below: The the of the and Instructions
To the the ZIP (PC Stop To the If the the from the To the selected The to of the selected played and displayed its To the selected The to of the selected playback played its To the Click to to playback to ZIP CD-RW, DVD RAM the back and Archive DOWN the and shown, the and the as Replay To the selected and when the DOWN Playback/Live Switch To switch the and To or the the playback. The recorded played speed. There sound as other of playback The from (slowest) through each the selected playback displayed its respective each of displayed. Click the to the playback The and Instructions
Showing the the selected Click and the to the from anywhere the selected when The and shown the and the when the To the to please the then the option the shown. To from the playback, please the full-screen then follow the instructions the The function effective the HDD which recorded the to V2.1 (or The recorded V2.1 the to V2.1 or To archive the to CD-RW or DVD RAM, the PC the Normally, the software and CD with CD-RW or DVD RAM the please them PC, then the CD. To the the to the CD-RW or DVD RAM and the CD software, follow the as directed to the formatting. the CD-RW/DVD RAM with the please the If IDE CD-RW/DVD RAM used, USB-BOX to the to the MPEG the as .MPG which JPEG, the as .MOV which QuickTime. You QuickTime www.apple.com. The of the or .MOV): ID. YYYY: MM: Month. DD: month. HH: SS: Second. Select HDD and Instructions
the the Select HDD the the Select HDD shown the The to search the HDD location or the arrow of the the to the searching To search location, the shown as below. The following each item shown HDD The recorded to playback. to mounted the the arrow to the GB/Block or Sections/Block the The the the recorded or the the the arrow to the Section MB/Section or Slices/Section the the arrow to the Section and Instructions Search location Mon,
the the arrow to the to To recorded or to playback motion or of the assigned location. (and the The displays the the recorded from the Block/Section/Slice through the Block/Section/Slice The Loss, Motion, The displays Block-Section-Slice YYYY/MM/DD and hour HH:MM:SS the to the If Block-Section-Slice shown as the the Block Section and the to the then the to the Block/Section/Slice the Block-Section-Slice shown through Motion Motion the Block-Section-Slice shown through motion, motion. the Block-Section-Slice shown through To search the shown as below. and Instructions button the to the then the to the Block/Section/Slice Search Wed,
the arrow to the and the to searching. the Duration there shown below to allow the users the instead of the The other items the as the To search the shown as below. Select the from the The other items the as the Remote Through or users to the playback and upload/download the and Instructions Search Wed,
of EDR from PC anywhere. The to the EDR1600 software or and software Connecting the Remote PC and please the EDR1600 and the ISDN, or The PC the type of The user directly the through ISDN, or You IP the PC and EDR1600, please to Chapter the Remote the Remote PC and EDR1600 connected, and the IP the Location/Address field. and Instructions
The shown the the and then the The shown as below. The or and the shown each to the EDR1600 clock. The following the of each item To the Click the and follow the shown the Download To the from the To the to the the uploaded, the Click the the to the from the PC. To the introduction of to the About To the information about the Right W1 W4 To the Click the arrow to the each and then or from the options below or Playback each Click the while the and Instructions
completed. PTZ Click the PTZ PTZ shown the as below. Playback To the searching Playback. the and the the to the The Playback searching based the clock please the searching theres and To the remotely. To the remotely. To the of the To switch and While the and playback submitted, the following buttons playback. and Instructions To the The playback from the the Click forward/backward to playing/reverse its Select the which with the PTZ There reaction the and Continuous and Click the the to The other the as the Please to Chapter PTZ Click the to to the
To the playback Showing the playback. Click and the to the from anywhere the selected The or If the PC protected the Firewall, please accessed. The and the as the the the the the and and the the You the software PC to the To the software, or to from FTP directly. The IP ftp://www.everfocus.com.tw the and both Select the software would to the of the software X.X the software The to the theres as FPS the recording the as FPS. Remote from The function from phone The users (with the using the while the connected to the Operations: and Instructions The to the selected played and its
To to the the IP the location/address of the follow with The shown the the and OK to to the and the the clicking the the the showing the The NTSC and PAL. Click to to the Click to back to the and New 60FPS(NTSC) 50FPS(PAL) recording The V1.20 (and software 60FPS(NTSC) 50FPS(PAL) recording high-end EDR1600 The its front Please the the 30FPS(NTSC)/25FPS(PAL) to and Instructions
and the other 30/25FPS to That of 60FPS(NTSC)/50FPS(PAL) the If the V1.10 or please CMOS the necessary to the the of CMOS please to the following to F1 because booting of the the to reach 60FPS(NTSC)/50FPS(PAL), the recording to as or than that the to the and other factors. Please the trade-off recording and recording CMOS recovery If booting the EDR1600, the and the LED the OFF, the CMOS of the Please the V1.20 (or the and then F1(about seconds Press CMOS only when the shown. If the recover its CMOS please as and the DATE/TIME of the HDD#2 to HDD#2 or HDD#1 HDD#2 anytime when recording. the other there HDD#2 caused the of HDD#1 (HDD#1 to commands to HDD#2 the thinks the strongly that as HDD#1 they and If that HDD#2 please off both HDD#1 and HDD#2, and then both of them immediately. EDA800 If EDA800, please choose and Instructions
recording EDA800 and the compatibility. motion There of motion V1.20 or earlier there V1.21 (or Specifications NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR, Format with through (BNC), D-SUB BNC (option) BNC JPEG and MPEG-1 (NTSC) or (PAL) and Instructions
NTSC, PAL Switch with seconds) inputs, or TTL/CMOS polarity Normally Normally relay to of to of IDE height to NTSC, PAL, of Recording Rate Recording recording, recording to NTSC, PAL Playback Rate Search search, search, search Motion Detection with Detection Interface and On optional) clock Watch 10-character title each input, and MB Memory Security protection Recovery recovery Source 110V/220V AC, 150W 426(Width) 480(Depth) 176(Height)mm 20KG o C o C and Instructions
Recording EDR1600 Recording 20GB) JPEG 4/F10 TD TDRecme)425.19 TD TD B BT306 TD RG TD(44D RG Q3 (s12)0) T15.6 T) -(P-3 TcJ TfjET2 18TQ B.052 Rate NTSC PAL hour hour hour and Instructions with typical (FPS) Normal Rough
EDR1600 Recording 20GB) with typical Rate MPEG-1 (FPS) Normal Rough hour hour hour NTSC PAL EDR1600 mounted with hot-swappable, internal With EDA800, EDR1600 mounted with to The rates and Instructions
C There that the user to or the to the the operations. Please to the following the Q: The A: The connected to the Q: The there recording the A: HDD#1 as and HDD#2 as The should the or the with the The the should Q: The playback to the ZIP A: The IOMEGAs ZIP The ZIP connected to the the ZIP PC formatted. Q: to quality? A: The of JPEG than MPEG, and the higher the recording the the Please as the and then the Select the Recording Quality and the as exiting the to the the to and Instructions
Q: to recording? A: Please the Normal Recording rates the The recording rates recording rates. Q: to recording? A: Please the Recording rates the the Actions, and the items the and the Inputs. The recording rates event-recording rates. Q: to the the A: To the the as and those as playback the Static There and the to the those Q: There the A: There least Action to that and the of those Actions the recording that If the recording rates the the effective.) Please to Chapter the Q: The displayed and the lower-left correct. A: Please as the displayed then the shown. and then the OK to the Q: to the PC? A: the of the .MPG the MS to the .MPG Download QuickTime from www.apple.com to the .MOV The playback of QuickTime free. Q: the the confused A: to theres with function The to AC function as ON, the of supply the to affects the Please this to OFF the the to off. and Instructions
Q: to to the the and A: the reason, to the and once theyre Once the and the to to the through the Please the and Instructions
Head Office: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw USA Office: CA, U.S.A. TEL: FAX: free: or 1-888-EV-FOCUS Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: Office: Shandgdi Information Industry District, TEL FAX Office: WBG Marive East 18F, city P/N:MDR1G0010H