Instructions and
related to the of this to service or the or the cover. through slots.This permanently the Turn the off immediately and service service. to the shock, screws or covers. There user-serviceable service the with or as this the the to or try to areas. action the becomes Turn the off and servicing to service the and shock. or when cleaning the cloth to the when dirty. the to and gently. outlets and cords as this of fire or shock. the its specified or ratings. the where high or high the within o C o C and below The input this AC100~240V CAUTION DO NOT REMOVE COVER. NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL. WARNING TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE Precautions
The with arrowhead within to the user to the of within the that of to of shock to The within to the user to of operating and maintenance(servicing)instructions the accompanying the Warning To fire or shock specifically to or Attention: should service with the National or Disconnect: Units with or without ON-OFF switches to the whenever the the however, the when the ON-OFF switch the ON The the AC100~240V Cords This this interference which the user to and this please this to reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without Precautions Warning: CMOS/MOSFET to UNPACKING Unpack This and should to that the following items included; Cord HDD and screws GB HDD RS232-RS485 If item appears to shipment, properly its and the shipper. or servicing the
Instruction the and operating instructions should the operated Instructions ---The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow Instructions operating and instructions should Cleaning the from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning recommended the as they Water and this water-for or installation, or which classified as location. Servicing to service this as or covers to or other servicing to service Cord Protection supply should routed that they to or pinched items or them, to cords and and the where they from the and Entry of this through as they or short-out that fire or shock, of the
Table of Product Remote Function and Operation.10 Display-Call and Search recorded Search Recorded Search Search Search and Archived PTZ from Specifications Recording C
Product CH operation: Recording, and/or B/W (NTSC/PAL) MPEG-4 with to (NTSC) (PAL) recording to FPS) to FPS) to FPS) or full-screen inputs, built-in IDE HDD, swappable IDE HDD highest IDE CD-RW Non-editable Motion with and each with and reactions history Loss, Motion, input, Pre-record to seconds. Sophisticated PTZ including Speed, Preset locations, RS232 function and PTZ Optional SCSI Ethernet Remote ActiveX third-party software CCTV to high of security TV and VGA LCD and I/R I/R to Compact Flash, off protection, and RTC WDT
and Shuttle (outer) A. to or to the recorded B. to the options the as Shuttle A. playback to search the recorded B. to the options the as Function Panel(white) and PTZ Please to Chapter function. LCD To the Recording Press to CD-RW CD-RW CD-RW. Switch and Press to On/Off the Press to playback Press to playback Press to playback Press to playback Press to Press to On/Off LAN Active Flashed when LAN accessed. LAN when LAN connected. IR IR Remote (ERC100) HDD I02 HDD) when HDD I02 (hot-swappable) accessed. HDD I01 HDD) when HDD I01 (built-in) accessed. HDD the to the HDD I02 DVR ID Switch Switch the ID (DVR1~DVR4) ERC100 The DVR HDD HDD I02
Connectors BNC input The input. Switch On/Off. SCSI Connector the optional V1 V2 V3 V4 V5 V6 V7 V8 V9 V10 V11 V12 V13 V14 V15 V16 SCSI NTSC/PAL USB LAN RS232#1 RS232#2 CVBS Y/C VGA Connectors BNC input Connectors BNC Connectors BNC Selector Switch 115V AC or 230V AC switch. Warning: To the this switch the screwdriver to the switch to the that the shown the as the AC Cooling to and grounds to Normally Closed Normally and grounds. Termination The termination should as On normally. the connected to other please as off USB Connector RS232 to PTZ LAN to RJ45 LAN Switch NTSC PAL switch. Please to the VGA VGA Y/C CVBS BNC to TV input Connector to RS232 to Function BNC Connectors input from C NO NC C
The ERC100 accessory to the operations. You the and operations the The effective to without ON/OFF Press to the insertion of the CD-RW ID One Remote to Press the buttons to switch the ID (DVR1~DVR4). The DVR Function (white), PTZ Please to functions operation. Playback Press to Press to the Press to the high Press to On/Off Press to playback Press to playback Press to Press to fast
each input to the from or other TV the to TV The TV displays selected or recorded the 110V AC or 220V the V1 V2 V3 V4 V5 V6 V7 V8 V9 V10 V11 V12 V13 V14 V15 V16 SCSI NTSC/PAL USB LAN RS232#1 RS232#2 CVBS Y/C VGA (Y/C) (CVBS) C NO NC C Ethernet (VGA)
Optional VGA the VGA to VGA The VGA displays selected or recorded the to TV This displays the of associated with or from the sequentially. to NC or NO type of Please to the software of accordingly. to NC type of to NO type. Microphone/Speaker the microphone/speaker or other to the In/Audio PTZ PTZ to the RS-232 Ethernet The from the PC the LAN to RJ45 Ethernet Shown below of the Function The from the PC the RS Connector to Shown below of the ISDN The from the PC ISDN. the ISDN TA to the RS It allowed to (EDA400)
Function operation. Switch the to Press to (X2) the selected X2 the right the Press to to On to to Press to and Static the right of Press to to to HDD Press CH to Static Press to appear Press to buttons or Shuttle to the items, or to option from the Z+ Z- F+ F- Live/Play Search I- I+ CH PTZ PTZ Press to to following Press selected The Function function-General and PTZ The distinguished White EDR1680 operation) PTZ PTZ connected) The function Press PTZ to switch to PTZ function. Press the to switch back to On there shown the right corner. It shows the PTZ
There four of the of the Press to HDD Press to Press to Inputs. .Press to the Press to the From to right, each light =Recording, Grey =Not Recording, White =Motion, From to right, each light =Normal, White off ON. White OFF Press to appear Press to return. to the selected Press or the to the and Down). Press or the Shuttle to and and Right). Please chapter Live/Play Press to or Once the Playback there the right of the selected Press the buttons to back. Please to Chapter Search Press to Search playback. Press to return. Please to Chapter Press to archiving to CD-RW. Press to return. Please to Chapter CH Press to The Press or the to then to Press to the Each allowed only to once. It to appear to the where to character, to character each as the motion or the HDD recorded
A. Press to Down, Right B. to as Shuttle), to options as C. Once the to the as JOG) A. to the B. Press to the C. Motion Detection to the D. Press to the CH operation. Press to to or without PTZ operation. If there PTZ connected to the DVR, switch PTZ or to the PTZ or DVR the PTZ the front EPTZ ED2200. C1487M. SCC-641P, SPD-2500. to further there Z+ Z- F+ F- Near I+ IRIS I- IRIS GO The the to the The the to the to to OK and to Preset the to and then this the the to and to the Press to the Press to to right). The further of the as to OK to Press to the (Pan=left/right, Tilt=up/down) Press to without
If the the treated as and the and To the the and appear as below allowing to and the factory both Supervisor, the factory both the factory both or JOG to the Press to the selected character. to and the character necessary. or Shuttle to to finished of username and or Shuttle to to and then to the and The the the and user The The and function shown the as following: DVR operation PTZ SEQ SEQ
There surrounded white and using buttons. Switch the to Press to (X2) the selected X2 the right the Press to to On to to previous Press to to following the to the CH and the selection appear the Press or the to then to Press to the allowed to once. It to appear the Press SEQ to and Static Press the the and the The other function switched back to Static There four of the of the Press to HDD Inputs, accordingly. HDD Clean the activated, first to clean the =Recording, Grey =Not Recording, White Yellow =Motion, Loss) =Normal, White off) ON. White OFF)
the the to as To the of the please the front The shown as below appear buttons or to switch items the or Shuttle to the or to Press to and the selected The shows the item further Generally, or Shuttle to the items, or to from the the item and to to If the editing, or to the Press to the character.
Advanced Network Motion Detection Motion Action Action Action
to and once the function to the title characters to OK finished and to editing. Press to to Select ON the the other items the selected installed. ON. options the Select ON to the The and to the live/playback of the while the function selected. OFF. Quality (Recording Quality) options the quality. The PTZ ID Select ID while the PTZ Select N/A the PTZ N/A. Brightness, Contrast, each
the further options of type On Duty. The of each type please Chapter Motion Select ON/OFF to the Motion ON. While the ON option selected, the to the motion the to the and to the Motion Detection as following:
Motion Detection Select the of the that to the motion the (Select Clear ALL, Select the (High, Detection the to the to on/off the Press to the Motion (action) options. the Motion Action while motion MotionA01. the to the to the motion action the to the and to the Motion Action as Action the to and to action necessary. once the function to the Action characters to OK finished and to editing. Press to to previous Pre-Recording the seconds)
Post-Recording the post-recording seconds) To which when the Motion Action NC type of type. Select N/A to To (ON) or (OFF) while motion ON. If function (ON), the switch to the when the Motion Action ON. to or Please to the ON. To the or when the Motion Action ON. To the function or when the Motion Action The to the receivers with attached which the graphic the Please to Network the (Optional) users. Please to the the information. If motion action the from the previous motion, there the action.
action) options. the Action the to the to the action the to the and to the Action as Action the to and to action necessary. once the function to the Action characters to OK finished and to editing. Press to to previous Pre-Recording the seconds) Post-Recording the post-recording seconds) To which when there of NC type of type. Select N/A to To (ON) or (OFF) while motion ON. Duration To the of the while there of to or Please to the ON. To the or when the Motion Action ON. To the function or when the Motion Action The to the receivers with attached which the graphic the Please to Network the (Optional) users. Please to the the information.
The allows to the the The below apply to Select ON to OFF to While the On, its and from the options shown the options the PTZ Select the there PTZ connected to the DVR. PTZ EPTZ ED2200 Rate Select the of Select the type of the PTZ
There years and four users The to the Year Month month DayType the this item and to the to the type. Work and Others. Once to the buttons or to the Press to types. The of selected accordingly. Press to the Work Others From To
the of the DVR. the to the to the Daylight options. Select the type necessary. Select the to the the to the to the Factory to factory To the S/W the connected to the To the from the CD. Please CD and the built-in CD-RW applying this function. Download To of this to CD.
To overwrite when HDD OFF. If the OFF, the DVR recording when HDD HDD Action To the when HDD when HDDS and XX%. N/A, N/A. ON/OFF. OFF. Duration: Duration seconds. seconds. to or OFF. To or when HDD OFF. To the or when HDD OFF.
The allows the to the each each There to connected to the each and each and its Action enough to to Actions and hence To input the to and to input title. once the function to the input characters to OK finished and to editing. Press to to Select On the The options below OFF selected. OFF Normal Select or Please the connected to the the of the Select the Action to the selected type. Action N/A, N/A. If action selected, the activated further the to and to the
Action the to and to action once the function characters to OK finished editing and to editing. Press to to previous To the that to this Action. The Action1, Action and Pre-Recording the seconds) Post-Recording the post-recording seconds) To which when the NC type of type. Select N/A to To (ON) or (OFF) while OFF. Duration To the of the while If function (ON), the switch to the when the OFF. to or Please to the OFF. To the or when the ON. To the function or when the The to the receivers with attached which the graphic the Please to Network the (Optional) users. Please to the the information.
The Network allows the to the the and outboard IP the reasonable the To the IP of the please IP the the Gateway the to the reasonable IP the DNS the DNS to IP The The their DNS translation, however, please to DNS finished input, the to Confirm Press to to function.
The allows the to the the and outboard through Function or ISDN. The or ISDN Select or ISDN to the Select to function. the below as to the operation through the selected the as the the IP and Remote IP or IP. The through the selected and to ISP theres that to the as the finished input, the to Confirm Press to to function. ISDN
The allows to the related of function. the reasonable The shown the as the to The to to receivers each action. the receivers necessary. finished input, the to Confirm Press to previous to function.
The allows to the SEQ There and Select the type and the below to the selected Select the from the each SEQ Select the each selected seconds. The the items. Select the and the selected shown the below. The from the buttons or Shuttle to to the While the the or to Press CH to the as (Please of CH Press to the and back to the previous
Display-Call The allows to the of the options (OFF. seconds). Each
The allows the to the and the and The allows to accounts The the the the ID The existing accounts the right buttons or to from the The below to the selected item and options Supervisor, or to the user Confirm the to these items, character input buttons or Shuttle to the character and to input. Press to the the to to There restriction the of each However, there least account. The the functions related to (including PTZ), The the related to (including PTZ), playback and archive The the function of the and
To the to the as shown below. The buttons or Shuttle to the to then to
Playback and Search recorded Playback On Static buttons to the to the then Live/Play to playback There the Press the playback to Press Live/Play to to Multi-window The allows to playback to the the to (or Then the playback to Press Live/Play to to to Press to switch the focused to Press to the selected the The using buttons. Press to to On user to to without the 2X A: Live/Play B:
Search Recorded The to search the recorded playback, Search Search Location Search and Search To search the recorded Search the Search appear Please to the following and Shuttle to the items, buttons and to option from the the Search Operation: Select to search Select to input the to then to the If the search the activated. Search Location Operation: Select to search Location Select the HDD Select location the HDD. There the charter of each with the the to then to playback the If the search the activated. users playback back. reference. You to the and
Search Operation: Select to search Select type- Motion Select the the the to and to playback. If the search the activated. Search Operation: Select to search Search The selected the of the Select the Select the Select the Select the Duration the search the to and buttons or Shuttle to the the to and to playback. If the search the activated. then to the as to searched. Press to the The searched the
and The playback archived to the to the playback Archive to the shown as below. The selected playback shown the buttons or Shuttle to the items, or to option from the the Operation: Select first. The selected the the Select the CD-RW Select the options (Unlimited, and 500MB). the the to Archive and to archiving. Press Stop to archiving. Press to to If the search the Archive activated. archiving, the Stop and the others options Stop
Archived to archive to the and to the Archive and shown as below. The selected shown the buttons or Shuttle to the items, or to option from the the Operation: Select first. Select CD-RW The selected the the the to and to the from the CD-RW. The appear the of the the to the and the selected the Press to the the to and to playback the archived Press to archiving. Press to to Archive If the search the Archive activated. archiving, the Stop and the others options Stop
There of Motion, Loss, on/off and in/out To the to the as shown below. or Shuttle to the items, or to option from the the Operation: Select Option options HD, Motion, and Select or of the the to the of the Source, and or to the To the record, highlight the while the the and Press to to the Motion Motion Motion
PTZ The of EPTZ ED2200. C1487M. SCC-641P, SPD-2500. to further there that allows users to the basic function of PTZ through the front or AP. To PTZ operation, PTZ the front The PTZ operation the right of the The function switch to PTZ operation Z+ Z- F+ F- Near I+ IRIS I- IRIS GO Preset The the to the The the to the to to OK and to the to and then this button, the the to and to the Press to the Press to to right). The further of the as to OK to Press to the (Pan=left/right, Tilt=up/down) Press to without
from Operations and to the the IP the IP as the assigned to the from the Network The the the and the Network ADMIN and ADMIN and then Click On to to
the The the of the and those the right indication. If grayed, that the function the The followings each of the LIVE: PLAY: back the recorded SAVE recording and to STOP Stop recording input the back BROWSE: selection
REV. PLAY STOP Press this to PAUSE: Press this to the PLAY: the the the Remote or OSD: On text OSD On Screen text and text Switch to Switch to =Recording, Grey =Not Recording, White =Uninstall, =Motion, I/O Black ON. White OFF =Normal, White off
HDD Search Function Search showing and the History and to input and to
PLAY PANNEL REV. PLAY STOP Press this to PAUSE: Press this to the PLAY: back the the the PTZ PTZ to Iris PTZ Selection: the active PTZ from the Pull-Down PTZ Down, Right
to the the Preset the Iris: Iris user Increase or Decrease the IRIS clicking or Select High/Middle/Low from the pull-down then to the function to active clicking the or to
A: LAN Functional Specification Specifications: Network Interface: Ethernet Base-T) LAN Chip: LAN Connector: RJ-45 HTTP,TCP/IP.ICMP,ARP Access: such as with JAVA JPEG Used Ports: user numbers: IPS
B: Recording Recording with typical (GB): Unit: Hour NTSC PICTURE QUALITY (KB) Recording (fps) PAL PICTURE QUALITY (KB) Recording (fps)
Recording with typical (GB): Unit: Hour NTSC PICTURE QUALITY (KB) Recording (fps) PAL PICTURE QUALITY (KB) Recording (fps)
C: There that the to or the to the the operations. Please to the following the
D: Q: IP to the A: IP the Q: What IP Gateway, and DNS and what should to the A: Please to chapter of section Since the each please Network or ISP IP Gateway, and DNS Q: to A: Please the to the and to chapter Q: to recording? A: Please the Normal Recording rates the The recording rates recording Q: to recording? A: Please the Recording rates the the Actions, and the items the and the Inputs. The recording rates event-recording rates.
Head Office: 12F, Road, TEL FAX www.everfocus.com.tw USA Office: CA U.S.A. TEL FAX www.everfocus.com Office: D-46446 TEL FAX www.everfocus.de Office: WBG East 18F, city TEL FAX www.everfocus.com Office: Information Industry District, TEL FAX www.everfocus.com.cn PN: MDRRG00120