and DR400 Instructions
and Instructions WARNING TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT EXPOSE THIS APPLIANCE TO RAIN OR MOISTURE. CAUTION DO NOT REMOVE COVER. NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED SERVICE PERSONNEL. WARNING: This tested and found to comply with the Class A to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to Operation of this to interference which the users to the interference their own or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference Causing Regulations. Notice: The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without
and Instructions PRECAUTIONS related to the of this to service or the or the cover. through This permanently the Turn the off immediately and service service. to the To shock, screws or covers. There user-serviceable service the with or as this the the to or to areas. action the becomes Turn the off and servicing to service the and shock. or when cleaning the cloth to the when dirty. the to and gently. and cords as this of fire or shock. the its specified or ratings. the where high or high the within o C o C and below The input this 24V DC.
and Instructions Table of Product Technical Rear Installation.... Optional Operations Action Motion Action Action Action Motion and Archive Supervisor) Select HDD Remote Specifications Recording C
Product The DR400, the of and recording The where required. The EDR with that easily to customers Network and the of The DR400 the only operation: Recording, or B/W (NTSC/PAL) motion with and each with and reactions recording, recording or both to seconds of MPEG-1 and JPEG with hot-swappable (DVR option) full-screen, history Motion, input, and to high of security (Recording/Event) to of and of Recording NTSC, PAL to NTSC, PAL playback Ethernet interfaces, RS-232 interface or RS-232 interface PTZ USB USB ISDN TA or USB CompactFlash memory, off protection, and Graphics Interface recording architecture to Remote and playback through WEB such as IE or Remote upload/download of and Instructions
Technical and The to NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR To the of least connected to the input. input termination each automatically. or to the of NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR. Processing The the switching of the built-in to the The the from the and the incoming JPEG or MPEG-1 that and NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR. playback, the the JPEG or MPEG-1, and then displays the the VGA and The the with the each the If Motion, or Loss) the the the to the and the recording that to its recording the playback, the selected to ZIP DVD RAM .MPG MPEG-1 or .MOV JPEG Recording please to B. Motion Detection The continuously motion. motion detected, the reacts to the motion action the including increase of recording sounding the the and Instructions
Motion options each input overlay. You or motion types. the recording NOT influenced motion the recorder. The VGA displays or from The and PAL). as the following and the displays based and ease of operations. The recorded to the recorded of the recorded of the JPEG or MPEG-1 and each to its With the that each recorded the each and information automatically. The the VGA Non-editable Recorded The as .MPG or .MOV which played or QuickTime. Therefore, those the the recorded the other the recorded the the (They those That to the recorded to the and Instructions
Rear The following of the and front of EDR400. Rear to the DC 24V or the AC 18V~30V DC BNC BNC BNC BNC Termination: Normally, the termination should as On. the to other please as VGA RS-232 Connector to PTZ and Instructions
to ground. to Normally Normally ground. RS232 to (Y Connector: to the PS2 or the (attached) the and (optional) The connected USB to the DVD RAM, ZIP, USB ISDN or USB LAN LAN to the RJ45 LAN active, and HDD access. and Instructions
Please to the as To the the to the cover and the The cant from the while the cover Cooling FAN. and Instructions
The installations below should service or Please to the following the and Instructions
each of the input to the from or other or B/W to the the and B/W connected to the At least connected the the of to VGA the VGA to VGA The VGA displays selected or recorded PS2 to the the the the DC 24V or the AC the Optional to NC or NO type of Please to the software of accordingly. to NC type of to NO type. the to the attached the and to the DVD RAM, ZIP (USB If the user to DVD RAM or ZIP to recorded to the USB and Instructions
(USB the to the USB Microphone/Speaker the microphone/speaker or other to the In/Audio Ethernet EDR400 from the PC the LAN to RJ45 Ethernet Shown below of EDR400 from the PC the RS to Shown below of ISDN EDR400 from the PC ISDN. the USB ISDN TA to of the USB and Instructions
The the The the of the and those the right indication. If grayed, that the function the or right. The followings each of the icons. hour the and the shown YYYY/MM/DD Shutdown To shutdown the Playback To the to those playback To the to their and the To the and Instructions
To the of the To the as or Static To and Static each the shown its To the the buttons the Static the selected shown the (Static (Static (Static (Static (Static (Static (Static To and indication. Next To the to while To the of the recording There GREEN Normal, the than GB, YELLOW Warning, the below GB, RED the below MB. and Instructions
There of the indication. The then back to Each the of the bottommost ID#1. There GRAY/BLACK Not or GREEN Normal, YELLOW and Recording RED Motion To the turn off the or the the completed shutdown and the shown the and Instructions
Operations If the the treated as and the and To as or Supervisor, please the and the and the factory both of them Supervisor, the factory both of them The the related to the the related to playback and archive (please to Chapter and Instructions
If as the and Click the button to the highlighted and the to the Click the the corner, the software of the shown the The displayed the the and the the action Please the the to clear the and Instructions There of Motion, Loss, and To the please the The shown as below:
To as please the and the and (the factory both of them To the of the please the The as below. Click the item the respective the of each please to the following Click the item to the You to the those to If the (please to Chapter the item and and Instructions
The the the when the (or Please to and Motion they There On and duty, the to to the meaningful they from or the other meaningful Night, Normal, Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected using the or the and Instructions
The the the those as of the There WORK DAY through and HOLIDAY and the to to each to and their and Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected the or the The to the selected shown the Please the to the click the respective Arrow buttons to the the and To) of the the of the as of the to Chapter and Instructions
The the to the of each Its to to years of Operations: the item selected, the shown the The active month shown the of the The shown the of the Please the to the active (the the DOWN Click the to its to the active Click the to the of previous month, month to the active month. and Instructions
Action The Actions allow the to the to the from the Inputs. There to Actions that to each Action, its as shown the and- below. Operations: the Action item selected, the Action shown the Please the item the Action then the Action and then the the selected Action the or the the other to the selected Action shown the Action The following each item shown Duration to seconds) the relay and the the Action the arrow buttons to the seconds). and Instructions
To the that to this Action. The Action Action and Pre-record Pre-record to seconds) the Action the intensively recorded the arrow buttons to the seconds). to the Action the recorded Recording Please to Recording Rate of the arrow to the seconds-60minutes). to the when the Action To which when the Action NC and NO please to Click the arrow to of the (AO output when the Action NC NO The Normal State shows whether the selected NC or NO On To the internal or when the Action the that the Action to the internal and the to immediately. The the FPS PAL and FPS NTSC. the recording the FPS, recording that the FPS the the PAL) or NTSC) the recording the The PAL, NTSC FPS, FPS FPS. and Instructions
to or Please to the To the or when the Action To the Action the internal and relay activated. If to those actions or moving/clicking the please this To the function or when the Action The to the receivers with attached which the graphic of the Please to Chapter the attached graphic QCIF BMP NTSC, PAL). WAP the NTSC, PAL). and Instructions
Motion Action The Motion Actions allow the to the to the motion the There to Motion Actions that to applications. The the with the motion. each Motion Action, its as shown the and below. Operations: the Motion Action item selected, the Motion Action shown the Please the item the Action then the Action and then the the selected Action the or the the other to the selected Action shown the Action Please to the Action the and operations, the followings: The and as as the when the motion they The the with the motion. and Instructions Motion A01 Motion A01 Motion A02 Motion A03 Motion A04 Corresponding
Action The Actions allow the to the to the the There to Actions that to applications. The the with the Loss. each Action, its as shown the and below. Operations: the Action item selected, the Action shown the Please the item the Action then the Action and then the the selected Action the or the the other to the selected Action shown the Action Please to the Action the and operations, the followings: There or the The the with the There graphic the the There the the and Instructions A01 A01 A02 A03 A04 Corresponding
Action The Actions allow the to the when the reaches the capacity. Operations: the HDD Action item selected, the HDD Action shown the this item to overwrite the recorded when the reaches the While the overwrite the recorded the or the The Duration to seconds) the relay and the the detected. the arrow buttons to the seconds). to the when the capacity detected. and Instructions A01
To which when the NC and NO please to Click the arrow to of the (AO when the NC NO The Normal State shows whether the selected NC or NO On To the internal or when the capacity detected. to or Please to the To the or when the detected. If the reaches the with the function while the as the to the to as or the further and Instructions
The allows the to the each each There to connected to the each and each the as shown the and below. Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected using the or the The Recording Quality and the apply to the please the item the to the the other to the selected shown the and the highlighted the The following each item shown and Instructions
this item the selected If the selected the items the Each The Recording Quality The with the lowest (rough) the highest The the arrow buttons to the MPEG (MPEG-1) or JPEG-CIF (JPEG), NTSC, PAL. to The to to the Click the and items to the location. the the from to the the from to right. Click the the The options to the and of the the playback Motion Detection to motion the selected the selected Motion Action The Motion Action motion Action The Action Normal Record (FPS) The recording the selected the selected the Up/Down arrow buttons to the The (or Record (FPS) The alarm-recording the selected the selected the arrow buttons to the The (or and Instructions
The recording the FPS PAL, FPS NTSC. If the recording greater than FPS, the the recording each to the FPS. The to the theres as FPS the recording the as FPS. and Instructions
The allows the to the each each There connected to the each and each and its Action. Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected the or the the Action each please the item the to the the other to the selected shown the and the highlighted the The following each item shown this item the selected installed. If the selected the items the right The NOT and Instructions
Normal State NC or NO, please the connected to the the of the the arrow to the type. Action to Action the selected the selected Action The Action the its from to to Actions and Instructions
The allows the to the each There to Normally Closed (NC) (AO and Normally (NO) (AO the Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please the item the then the and then the the selected the or the and Instructions
The allows the to the Please to Chapter the of the each please to Operations: the item selected, the shown the The following each item shown of to the arrow to the To the to the following items. of of the shown of The the selected shown including and and Instructions
The allows the to the and Static (please to Chapter Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please or Static first. the then the and Text Colors each Static the and Text Colors each To Select or Text please Select or Select Text first, then the the or Text accordingly. The following each item shown To the and Instructions
Static To the Static To the the arrow to the To the the selected the arrow button to the The seconds) the selected shown the arrow to the The To the Static the arrow to the The and Select To the shown the Click and then the repeatedly the Select Text To the text shown the to selected. Click and then the repeatedly the text and Instructions
Motion The Motion allows the to motion each each each and each the Detection and as shown the and below. Operations: the Motion item selected, the Motion shown the Please the and the first. the other to the selected and the selected shown their respective the Detection please the (Clear) button, then the and the to (clear) the To the please the and the The shown On the right the showing the of the detected motion. The following each item shown and Instructions
the arrow to the the arrow to the To the Detection active Clear To clear the Detection active Showing the the selected the to (clear) the Detection The motion the with The and Its Showing the the selected and the the to the The Curve showing the of the motion, with the higher than the the as motion detected, as motion detected. To the to their the and the To the to their the selected and the selected The selected to the of of the applications. Please the first the and Instructions
The allows the to the and the and The the the (Supervisor, Supervisor), the Operations: the item selected, the shown the Please or the then the or Confirm field, and then the the or the The following each item shown To or the other to the highlighted selection. Click the item to the selection. The The Confirm To the If the and please to them. Its to once theyre and Instructions
The allows the to the TV and software Operations: the item selected, the shown the The following the each item shown To the IP please and Instructions Communication IP the IP of the the the Gateway the to the to
IP the to IP The The their translation, however, please to IP Click the to the and Remote IP to the EAZ/MSN 1B or 2B and Remote IP function. The and both and ISDN Select the which connected to the The EPSON and HP P1000. Software Click the to to the software through Factory Click the to the to and Instructions IP the IP while the ISDN the to ISDN function. Click the the and Select the clicking the
To the of the function. The following shown the the item selected. The or IP and the SMTP normally If the SMTP authentication, the item and the effective and below. The to to receivers each action. the WAP the the right of the Daylight the to Daylight The of Daylight as and Instructions SMTP the and the SMTP below; the while the Daylight function
North America turned hour the first to the October. Union turned hour the to the October. TV NTSC or PAL, the checking and Instructions the front. Basically, the it automatically, to the might to the which caused or this the manually to the
If please the the to the the The YYYY/MM/DD whilst the hour (HH:MM:SS). The built-in clock accordingly. and Instructions
Playback and Archive Supervisor) On the please the Playback the shown as below: The the of the to the and archive, those the right indication). The remained the as the the functions as Chapter If grayed, that the function the If to playback the recorded please the HDD first to the of the recorded playback. The following each of the Chapter To the to those functions as Chapter and Instructions
Select HDD To the playback and the that Click and the Select HDD shown the as the To the the DVD RAM, ZIP (PC To the If the user the from the To the selected The to of the selected playback played and displayed its To the selected The to of the selected playback played its To the Click to to playback to DVD RAM, ZIP the back and Archive DOWN the and shown, please follow the instructions to the MPEG the as .MPG which JPEG, the as .MOV which QuickTime. You QuickTime www.apple.com. The of the or .MOV): ID. YYYY: MM: Month. DD: month. HH: SS: Second. and Instructions
Replay To the selected and when the DOWN The from (slowest) through each the selected playback displayed its respective each of displayed. Click the to the playback The Showing the the selected Click and the to the from anywhere the selected when The and shown the and the playback temporarily when the To the to please click the then the option the shown. To from the playback, please the full-screen then follow the instructions the and Instructions
Select HDD the user the Select HDD the Playback the Select HDD shown the The to search the HDD location or the arrow of the the to the searching To search location, the shown as below. The following each item shown HDD The recorded to playback. GB/Block or Sections/Block the The the the recorded or the the the arrow to the Block to To playback recorded or to only motion or of the assigned location. and Instructions Search location Mon,
Section MB/Section or Slices/Section the the arrow to the Section the the arrow to the The recorded the Block/Section/Slice. (and the The displays the the recorded from the Block/Section/Slice through the Block/Section/Slice The Loss, Motion, The displays Block-Section-Slice YYYY/MM/DD and hour HH:MM:SS the to the If Block-Section-Slice shown as the the Block Section and the to the then the to the Block/Section/Slice the Block-Section-Slice shown through Motion Motion the Block-Section-Slice shown through motion, motion. the Block-Section-Slice shown through and Instructions the to the then the to the Block/Section/Slice
To search the shown as below. the arrow to the and the to searching. The other items the as the and Instructions Search Mon,
Remote Through Network, or to the playback and upload/download the of EDR400 from PC anywhere. The to the EDR400 software or and software Connecting the Remote PC and Connecting the Remote PC and Connecting the Remote PC and Connecting the Remote PC and please the EDR400 and the or The PC the type of The directly the through or You IP the PC and EDR400, please to the Remote Remote Remote Remote the Remote PC and EDR400 connected, and the IP the Location/Address field. The shown the the and then the The shown as below. and Instructions
The displayed or and the shown each to the EDR400 clock. The following the of each item To the to EDR400. the uploaded, the EDR400 Click the the to the EDR400 from the PC. Download To the from EDR400. To the introduction of to the About To the information about EDR400. Right W1 W4 To the Click the arrow to the each and then or from the options below or each Click the while the completed. To the searching Playback. the and the the to the The searching based EDR400 clock please the searching theres and To the EDR400 remotely. To the of EDR400. To switch and While the and submitted, the following playback. and Instructions To the playback The playback from the user the Click forward/backward to playing/reverse its
To the playback Showing the playback. Click and the to the from anywhere the selected The or If the PC protected the Firewall, please accessed. The and the as EDR400, the the the the and playback and the the The to the theres as FPS the recording the as FPS. and Instructions The next/previous to the selected playback played and its
Specifications Format NTSC/EIA or PAL/CCIR, switch (BNC), VGA JPEG and MPEG-1 (NTSC) or (PAL) Switch with (N.C., N.O.) (2N.C., 2N.O.) IDE type, swappable to NTSC, PAL, of Recording Rate Recording recording, recording Rate to NTSC, PAL Search search, search, search Motion Detection with Detection Interface and On optional) clock Watch 10-character title each input, and CompactFlash Memory MB Security protection Recovery recovery Remote Access with JAVA Remote Network HTTP, SMTP, TCP/IP, ICMP, ARP RJ45 Ethernet RS232 RS232 microphone input, USB DVD RAM ZIP, (HP or Archive EPSON), USB ISDN TA or USB Source DC24V 36W 256(Width) 178(Depth) 88(Height)mm 2.7KG LB, HDD o C o C and Instructions
Recording EDR400 Recording 60GB) with typical NTSC JPEG Normal(5) Rough(0) Rate hour hour hour (FPS) NTSC MPEG-1 Normal(5) Rough(0) Rate hour hour hour (FPS) and Instructions
PAL JPEG Normal(5) Rough(0) Rate hour hour hour (FPS) PAL MPEG-1 Normal(5) Rough(0) Rate hour hour hour (FPS) The rates and Instructions
C There that the to or the to the the operations. Please to the following the Q: The A: The connected to the Q: The playback to the ZIP A: The IOMEGAs ZIP The ZIP connected to the the ZIP PC formatted. Q: to A: The of JPEG than MPEG, and the higher the recording quality, the the Please as the and then the Select the Recording Quality and the as exiting the to the the to Q: to recording? A: Please the Normal Recording rates the The recording rates recording rates. and Instructions
Q: to recording? A: Please the Recording rates the the Actions, and the items the and the Inputs. The recording rates event-recording Q: to the the A: To the the as and those as the Static There and the to the those Q: There the A: There least Action to that and the of those Actions the recording that If the recording rates the the effective.) Please to Chapter the Q: The displayed and the lower-left correct. A: Please as the displayed then the shown. and then the OK to the Q: to the PC? A: the of the .MPG the MS to the .MPG Download from www.apple.com to the .MOV The playback of QuickTime free. and Instructions
Head Office: 12F, Road, TEL FAX USA Office: CA U.S.A. TEL FAX free or 1-888-EV-FOCUS Office: 10/F., Block Building Road, TEL FAX Office: D-46446 TEL FAX P/N: MDR4G00100