Instruction
C C C C EDSR Instruction Corp rights of the of this or transmitted or without written of the Corporation. of the Apple Computer, Inc. of the Microsoft Corporation the United States and other of the Corporation. of the Corporation. of the Corporation. Other and the of their respective owners.
of Introduction C Product Specifications C Instructions C DVR Clock/Language Daylight Normal Record Record Network RS232/RS485 Motion C Recording Recording Recording Motion Recording Recording C Playback Search Playback Playback Playback C Copying Copy Copy as MOV Other Archiving C C How to Firmware? C Introduction to TCP/IP
Gateway What type of Network One to One Direct High Router or LAN C DNS C DNS C DDNS Creating DDNS Account C through C Interface Specifications Remote Remote Recording C Troubleshooting
C C C C Product the industrys first full-featured specifically within the security industry. The incorporates the of recording, to and operates VCR. Highly and of recorded the from the as the choice security Easy-to-use with VCR and Shuttle/Jog picture-by-picture or fast/slow to clean, or of On-screen and Ethernet TCP/IP and process. M-JPEG with with IDE with RS232 and RS485 Remote recording to NTSC/PAL. Alarm-activated recording. Compact Card. recording
C C C C Specifications Format NTSC/PAL BNC BNC CALL (1Vp-p/75ohm)for M-JPEG Recording (NTSC); (PAL) Compact Memory Compact PIP, and and Playback Detection Ethernet RJ45 IDE type, swappable Recording recording, or Recording Recording Rate to NTSC/PAL Rate to NTSC/PAL Playback Search or On Interface clock Watch RS-232 RS485 RJ11 Connector (L) (W) (H) 0C~+40C Source AC100~240V
C C C C Press to the the specified. CH1 ~CH4: MODE: Press to switch and ZOOM: Pressing this while of the the SEQ: Press this to the switching MENU: Press this to REC Press this to recording. REV. PLAY Pressing this playback. STOP Press this to recording and playback. PLAY: Press this to playback. PAUSE: Press this to the SEARCH: Press this to the Search COPY: PAUSE or PLAYBACK, Press this to or Compact
C C C C Pressing this once the Pressing statistics. OFF and HDD KEY: Turning this to the the recording and securely the DVR. HDD. Shuttle and Compact Card Compact Card. active ,LAN and ALARM IR Remote CH1 CH2 GB(0) CH3 CH4 Shuttle Playback turn the shuttle forward/rewind the the shuttle the the forward/rewind the the to CH1 CH2 LIVE: 60IPS DISK:80G CH3 CH4
C C C C POWER the DC12~24V to AC100~240V. AUDIO IN: input recording. OUT: to ON or OFF IN of SW1: of SW2: recording or the of SW1 to IN. the of SW1 connected to SW2 and Recording or the IN through to and Playback then the SW2 OFF SW1 OUT then the of SW2 connected to Playback then there (MUTE).
C C C C MONITOR MAIN MONITOR: This the of selected This to the CALL MONITOR: This the (secondary) This MAIN MONITOR INTERNAL MONITOR OUT VIDEO the Search or Copy the internal switched to that the OSD. other the from loop-through to the VIDEO VIDEO IN The BNC of input the to the from each through the VIDEO OUT the from each to other ALARM-INPUT: Normal or Normal type input. The selected as Normal or Normal input the recording ALARM-OUTPUT: Normal this shorted to the of ALARM-COM. ALARM-NC and ALARM-COM LAN LAN Connector: The RJ-45 LAN to to SW3
C C C C RS232 RS232 to RS232 RS485 RS485 RJ Connector to FAN: Cooling FAN.
C C C C The installations below should service or Please to the following the Please and purchased CALL Chapter RS232 Source RS485 Ethernet
C C C C Instructions Please to to with this of the installation. the or the shown Please the the as the each to the input the shown Please At least connected the the of to The or Microphone to the input the the or other to the the back of the The from PC the LAN RJ45 Ethernet RS232/RS485: The from PC RS232/RS485. Please This using the to The displays selected or recorded Please The connected to the or playback the the to The displays selected Please The
C C C C The first the to the the The initially to The to the and the to the If this the detected. Please If the with the flashing and the DVR Once completed the and the to the DVR. the The POWER LED lights light The to the options the DVR.
C C C C DVR completed the first chapters of this You ready to the To this the MENU Once the there option as follows. CLOCK/LANGUAGE SETTING MENU TITLE SETTING MENU DAYLIGHT SAVING SETTING MENU TIMER SETTING MENU NORMAL RECORD SETTING MENU ALARM RECORD SETTING MENU BUZZER SETTING MENU ARCHIVE SETTING MENU NETWORK SETTING MENU SEQUENCE SETTING MENU RS232/RS485 SETTING MOTION RECORD SETTING MENU SYSTEM SETTING MENU Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option Chapter
C C C C Clock/Language of the Clock/Language the Clock/Language the following as follows: This field the the DVR. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. The as follows: Month: of This field the the DVR which To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. The as follows: Second:
C C C C This field to English from factory and This to NTSC from factory which the North American and The and PAL. This field the the Please New firmware from instructions) Release This field the the firmware released. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C three of the this title each of To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. CH1 CH2 CH3 CH4 Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C Daylight four of the Daylight this the DVR to the Daylight This field to the function or off. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field the the daylight affect. The first field to This the of the month the options first, second, third, fourth, or the and arrow to selection. The field to This the of the the affect. options Mon, Wed, Thurs, or the and arrow to selection.
C C C C The third field to This the month which the options through the and arrow to selection. The the the and arrow to choose the to from to the to Stop This field when the to the the to the the Stop Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C of the this of the to recording from specified to the the following This field the of the to the Initially to as You choose from Mon- as as DLY. If to every of the choose the DLY option. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field to the to the recording. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Stop: This to the to the recording. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection.
C C C C This field to the which would the to recording To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please to the to recording Quality: This field recording this item the of the selecting There recording: 15KB 19KB 23KB 27KB High 31KB 35KB To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field to the recording or off. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please If to of this turned off to playback. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C Normal Record of the Normal Record This the and recording the the Normal Record the following This the which the recording the To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please to the to recording Quality: This field recording this item the of the selecting There recording: 15KB 19KB 23KB 27KB
C C C C High 31KB 35KB To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This what to when the this the to Rewrite. The other option to to the option to Stop. This recording once the You would then to to and to the and recording To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C Record of the Record This the operations and options to recording. the Record the following Operations: This field to recording or off. The from the factory to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Recording This field the which the recording the To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please to the to recording Recording Quality: This recording quality, this item the of the the selecting
C C C C There recording: 15KB 19KB 23KB 27KB High 31KB 35KB To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. These what to when from the There of The first N.O. which Normally The N.C. which Normally The N.O. This option to the type of input connected to the board. connected which Normally would the type to N.O. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please to information about the board. This field to the back to If N.O. the back to N.O. If N.C. back to N.C. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Duration connected to the activated, the immediately and the warning This to the from to seconds. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Operation: This the recording or off. To this, the arrow the DVR which
C C C C the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Recording This option to the of the recording. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C of the This to the internal the the following This field to the internal or the internal The to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Record-In: This option to the or off when the DVR To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Alarm-In: This to the or off when recording To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Motion-In: This option to the or off when motion recording To this, the arrow the
C C C C DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This to the or off when the To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Loss: This option to the or off when the DVR To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field to the or off when recording activated. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C of the Archive This the which archived within the the the following as follows: This to the copying to Compact or through the Initial to the NTSC or PAL. The NTSC or PAL. Please To refresh through the to NTSC or PAL. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This option to the or off when the DVR The appear when archiving through the or to Compact To this, the arrow the DVR which the
C C C C (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field to the of the You the top or The to top. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Water This option to or off when copying to Compact this option turned To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Water This the You the to the top or the The factory to top. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C Network of the Network This the to the DVR. Please to the Chapter of this to to this DVR. the Network the following as follows: IP Address: This field to IP the DVR. IP IP whose IP If offer IP the option to IP IP to the Please The the testing apply to comply with to Chapter To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection.
C C C C This field to the as the DVR within the To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field to the the DVR within the of this within the DVR to the within To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Address: This field those service or Network who MAC of the of DVR. This option This to the users that the Please that this of the Network To the of the to user the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. USER-NAME Changed to Please there three and o and live/playback o Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C of the This the which through the and the the following as follows: This field to the the This field the which the the The the from to seconds. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. with This field to turn or off the when the The to To off to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection.
C C C C This to the the This field the which the the The the from to seconds. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Operation: This field to from to the The to CH1. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. o Please If that automatically. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C RS232/RS485 of the RS232/RS485 This from the to to instructions or information using the HyperTerminal the RS232/RS485 the following as follows: RS232: RS232 This field to the which to instruction or information through the RS232 the DVR. There BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, and BPS. The from the factory BPS. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. RS232 Stop This field to the the RS232 There or The the DVR to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection.
C C C C RS232 Parity: This field to the which connected. You choose or to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. RS232 This field the which There this option: or The to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. RS485: RS485 This field to the which to instruction or information through the RS485 the DVR. There BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, and BPS. The from the factory BPS. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. RS485 Stop This field to the the RS485 There or The the DVR to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. RS485 Parity: This field to the which connected. You choose or to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. RS485 This the which There this option: or The to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection.
C C C C RS232/RS485 ID: This to each its ID than through the RS232/RS485 There ID the DVR: or The to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C Motion Record thirteen of the Motion Record This the motion recording. the Motion Record the following as follows: Recording This the which the recording when motion detected. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please to the to recording Quality: This field recording this item the of the selecting There recording: 15KB 19KB 23KB
C C C C 27KB High 31KB 35KB To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. CH: This field the through OP: This to the option of turning motion or off. If OP turned the DVR recording when motion If OP turned off the DVR when motion To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. SEN: This the to motion each There four that used, High, The To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field of each motion. To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Once chosen the would to manually the ENTER This to
C C C C shows of the manually the arrow buttons to through the Initially the that these to motion. To the and the ENTER button. shows another of manually edited accomplished. To this finished the MENU Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C of the This options and restoring to the recorder. the the following as follows: with This field to while which This option turned or off. The to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This to the Initially to To the the arrow buttons to this option to This which to renew the arrow buttons to and the Please Chapter and This to the firmware the Initially to To the the arrow to this option to This which
C C C C to the arrow buttons to and the button. Please Chapter and the updated successfully, to the to the turning the off and then back This to the DVR back to factory Please with DVR restoring the Initially to To the the arrow to this option to This which to the arrow buttons to and the Please Chapter and the the successfully, to the to the turning the off and then back This field to the function or off. The to If would to the this option to To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. This field the the when the The to characters. The characters to to Z, and To this, the arrow the DVR which the (These the top four buttons). the and arrow to selection. Please More information please to Chapter. Press or to the to the or right. Press or to the These located the top of as
C C C C Recording please to DVR (Chapter You ready to the recording. This chapter to the recording. Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the Once You the Normal Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording Once completed the of the and the To the operating the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C To recording the Stop Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the Once You the Normal Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording the completing the and to Record and the the Once exited the the DVR To the operating the To recording the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the Motion Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the Once You Reach the Normal Record the Recording to IPS and that fits the completing the previous and to Motion Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording the the Once exited the motion occurring the DVR the recording or motion the light off. Please If the Record Light and off recording properly motion. This eat To this the when the light off to continuously. To the operating the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C To recording the Stop Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the Once You the Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording the the Once exited the the DVR To the operating the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C To recording the Stop Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the
C C C C please to DVR (Chapter You ready to the playback. This chapter to the playback. completed the options Chapter through If Record the to recording. If the when the This usually the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to playback. Pressing the the and the recorded. If Press the the known At to or while back the to The shown the of the 600X. If to playback the playback. Then the clockwise or counter clockwise to or rewind. The shown the of the If to while something back. Press the and the to to the Turning the counter clockwise to the previous Chapter
C C C C Search completed the options Chapter through If Record the to recording. If the when the This usually the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to playback. Press the search to the search the and arrow to and the what the the and arrow to choose to playback and the This the chose.
C C C C To back the completed the options Chapter through If Record the to recording. If the when the This usually the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to Either or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to playback. Press the search to the search
C C C C the and arrow to and the Please If the there or motion recorded. what the the and arrow to choose to playback and the This the chose. To back the Playback completed the options Chapter through If Record the to recording. If the when the This usually the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to Either or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to playback. Press the search to the search
C C C C the and arrow to and the what the field the and arrow to and to playback, highlight search, and the This the chose. To back the
C C C C Copying please to the You ready to or from the DVR. This chapter to or from the recorder. Please Compact Cards with or Compact Cards. the or Compact Cards the Compact the front of the DVR. the Compact the of insertion correct. Copy First to the to archive. Please to chapter to back Once the You the to back or to the to Once the the the button.
C C C C You then Copying the while copying to the finished copying from the The the Compact as Copy as MOV to the to archive. Please to chapter to back Once the and the of the to Then the You to when the This the copying process. At this to recording the Once the to copying the
C C C C To the The the Compact as MOV This type of played QuickTime You this free from www.quicktime.com Other Archiving Other of archiving include software which found You EPR100) which to the of The third option to archive to DVD VPDVD100). First to the or the Compact to the Compact and the Compact which with recorder. the other of the the USB of and to the This the Compact To the the to and the archived. The the Compact MOV This type of played using QuickTime You this free from www.quicktime.com
C C C C This chapter to to the DVR. the of to should the following items. microphone (RCA input) and (RCA). You to hear through or the and the DVR. You hear through the TCP/IP You archive recording. You motion or with recording. You the to Recommended Station ATR-1. Chapter
C C C C to the DVR? This chapter try to instruction to the DVR. This helpful completing the process. Please to and to DVR Then the that the of DVR. Copy the .HEX to CF the Compact that with DVR (from Please Compact Cards with recorders. using or Compact Cards. the or Compact Cards the Compact the front of the DVR. the Compact the of insertion correct. If Record the to recording. If the when the This the DVR or Motion record. the DVR pressing the to or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to Press the and the to to the to the Highlight NO to YES wheel to select). Chapter
C C C C Highlight YES and to select). Next to "Reading....then Programming...then Success..." Once of the the Then the the DVR off and back
C C C C This chapter to instruction to the DVR. the of should knowledge of what and This helpful completing the process. Introduction to TCP/IP TCP/IP the of the and throughout the TCP/IP, every or other that connected to the IP this to the of house. IP of four the of to The IP to or the LAN. with the Workstation IP of You should or the IP the of IP that this of IP usually with the The first three of IP should the the of LAN, the IP assigned with where the of to LAN The that the to the of the IP and to the of the the each to which LAN or to. The the of the within that Basically the the city this the Chapter
C C C C Gateway LAN of four the of to The to or the LAN which assigns the IP to router IP of If this type of router within LAN, then the IP of the router. The reason this would the assigning the IP therefore the the gateway to This to the of or allow the to without with each other. commonly appear though, to the the URL the following: this the to the the to to the Normally, and this included with the URL (although IP theoretically from to though, the of the (such as HTTP). This to the front of house. Without the to the house This the with If the IP then to that IP or what Please The to other aspects of to physical peripheral such as and USB The to Ethernet such as those switch, or router.
C C C C with the to where to with DVRs. There of high Three commonly T1, and DSL of Please of This the Service Who Please that service that least What type of The service or purchased to establish to the router to allow to the through the IP It assigns internal IP to this IP Static IP the IP to the With IP other know the identity of and easily with That or other type of using IP If offer IP the option to IP This the chapter. IP IP IP each to the service Static IP If this possibility, purchase router or router) which
C C C C DDNS. DDNS service that where DNS information and It allows those IP to centrally users to What type of DVR EDR EDR or EDSR EDSR 400H, 400M, or What of Network three of One to One to the Basically and Another or this DVR to this type of Direct High high from the directly to or this the DVR. to this type of Router or LAN router or LAN Typically this type of the commonly router allows and to each other as as the It assigns internal IP to the computers.
C C C C One to One Ethernet The below shows the Procedure: The to purchase or purchasing Please straight through this Once the LAN the back of the and the other the the back of the the DVR and the from the previous chapter to the Network instructions) Cross-over-cable
C C C C Assign IP of to the DVR, of and of The to the the to this to To IP 2000/XP.
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C Once reached this and both the and the recorder. To the DVR from the and the type:
C C C C Direct High Straight Through Ethernet The below shows the straight Procedure: The First to purchase or straight through purchasing straight through Please this Once straight through the LAN the back of the and the other the high Straight Through DVR
C C C C the DVR and the from the previous chapter to the Network instructions) Assign the Static IP which obtained from the service to the DVR, the from the service to the DVR, and the of the service Please If IP this type of You to purchase router or service IP (Please to Once reached this and both the and the recorder. To the DVR from and the type: and the IP of service
C C C C Router or LAN Straight Through Straight Through Ethernet The below the straight Procedure: The to purchase or straight through purchasing straight through Please this DVR Router
C C C C Once straight through the LAN the back of the and the other the router. the DVR and the from the chapter to the Network instructions) If Router: Assign IP of to the DVR, of and of If Router: Assign IP of to the DVR, of and of If LAN: to the and the following: o to then and type and OK. Then type and this the information the to assign IP the IP from the of Assign the IP as Copy the and information from the off the to the DVR.
C C C C Please the If Service BellSouth BellSouth that includes built-in router. You to the router functionality. The to within router. the router the router PC) o EDR to o EDSR to Please If service to the DVR through the routers UPNP forwarding or This the chapters. If IP and the to to DDNS. Once reached this and restarted the recorder. To the DVR from and the type: and the IP of service Please If service to the DVR through the routers UPNP forwarding or This the
C C C C This chapter cover the router. Please this and If Technical this router This Chapter to offer to the and nothing To the Web-based Utility, or and the Routers IP the field. Then, appear. XP users the field The first the Web-based Utility, the (You from the Administration Click the OK to Chapter
C C C C The first that appears displays the This allows to the Router's these as and the to apply or to The Applications and allows to services such as or other applications. that to functions such as or forwarding.) To the information each the of each
C C C C Application this field, the to the Each to characters. This the the that the and the that the the this TCP or UDP or Both IP each the IP of the PC the Click the checkbox to the these as and the to apply or to DVR to Both DVR to Both DVR to Both
C C C C DVR to Both DVR to Both DVR to Both DVR to Both The to within router. the router. o EDR to o EDSR to If Service the following: Clicking the the the The displays as as options of services other To
C C C C the of the the Application field. Next to the of the the of the the the with the software information. On the the UDP or TCP the of the internal the the Int. with the software information. the IP of the that the users to to access. the to the services function the This DVR TCP DVR UDP To the DVR from and the type: IP of service DNS The Router offers (DDNS) DDNS assign and to IP It when hosting FTP or other the Router. this to DDNS service DDNS service
C C C C DDNS Service From this pull-down the DDNS service with which membership. the DDNS account. the DDNS account. The the DDNS URL assigned the DDNS service. IP This the Routers IP as the This displays the of the DDNS these as and the to apply or to
C C C C This chapter cover the router. Please this and If Technical this router This Chapter to offer to the and nothing
C C C C The to within router. to the router. The the service. The the WAN Network) that to the service. The of the service the IP The of when the service The to which allow the service to If to the the service to If the of the the service Select or
C C C C the referencing the service IP The the LAN that the services. If that users to would to (HTTP) LAN HTTP TCP and UDP. DVR IP: Both The to within router. the router. o EDR to o EDSR to If Service the following: HTTP TCP and UDP. DVR IP: Both To the DVR from and the type: IP of service
C C C C DNS of to IP Address. This IP To DNS to and the At the of the to Once the of Then the created with Everfocus.homeip.net Then the username and to
C C C C
C C C C DDNS This chapter cover DDNS. Please this and If Technical DDNS or This Chapter to offer to the and user nothing Creating DDNS Account The first to and the type: The to with clicking Chapter
C C C C This where the information You then to account once the account and the right to DNS. The to with Everfocus.homeip.net The IP should to and DDNS. You to the previous to DDNS within router.
C C C C To the DVR from and the type: The DDNS created everfocu.homeip.net
C C C C through To the DVR from and the type: (LAN or IP of service The appear the to the shown and to the recorder. You and the Network of DVR. The and and Chapter
C C C C Then the and recorder.
C C C C
C C C C Please If grayed, that function
C C C C Interface Specifications D-SUB specifications: The assignment of the D-SUB This or the D-SUB RS-232 Chapter
C C C C There that to instruction or information through the RS232/RS485 the and The from the factory Please to RS232/RS485 Remote to the DVR the as follows.
Remote
Recording
C
Troubleshooting If operating through the following to the The DVR the HDD with the to the to located the to the to DVR records hours? If motion recording properly this The recommended motion (HDD). Press the and the JOG to through the Motion reached. the OP option, the or that to motion and them the ON the Record and Quality to preference. NOTE the IPS recorded when motion From this the arrows to and the of the Motion when finished. Next the JOG to Normal Record reached. the Normal recording (IPS) anywhere IPS; to B. There the option to Pre-Alarm. This the IPS to the or Motion activity. Lastly, the REC light continually **Explanation The DVR IPS when there motion, which HDD motion the DVR higher IPS. This higher motion back.
The DVR displays should the wired properly. Please The to yourself0, the wires properly. The to the the amount of There from of the the DVR? The first to the from the or the and the that to If this the from the CF R/W of I/O when trying to archive to This with the One reason would If Compact please purchase or please the Card than MB. If then the to the to the the The first thing to the IP from the Service If using router the router NOTE: Please that If XP please the This to and downloading the If IP from Service IP conflicts when trying to to DVR(s) high With router (DDNS), allows to this DDNS assign and to IP It when hosting DVR, FTP or other the Router. this to DDNS service or
routers: BEFSR41 V3 or DLINK DI624 or router that offers DDNS.