Instruction
EDSR 400F EDSR600F EDSR 900F EDSR1600F Instruction rights of the of this or transmitted or without written of the Corporation. QuickTime of the Apple Computer, Inc. of the Microsoft Corporation the United States and other of the Corporation. of the Corporation. of the Corporation. Other and the of their respective owners. C C C C Corp
Table of Introduction C Product Specifications C Instructions C DVR Clock/Language Title Daylight Record Motion Normal Record Network C Recording Recording Recording Motion Recording Recording C Playback Playback Search Playback Playback Playback C Copying Copy Copy as MOV Other Archiving Copied C C to C Introduction to TCP/IP
Gateway What type of Network One to One Direct High Router or LAN C DNS C DNS C DDNS Creating DDNS Account C through C Interface Specifications Remote Recording C RJ45 (RS485) Assignment Troubleshooting
Currently, Service (ISPs) to EDSR the to ISP refuse to these offers firmware specifically the EDSR of which directly this firmware allows to the HTTP and the DVR. This around ISP to the This found the NETWORK SETTINGS of EDSR This work-around allows to to other HOW TO CHANGE PORTS ON AN EDSR 400-1600F: Access the the front the JOG wheel to NETWORK and [ENTER] the NETWORK SETTING MENU ENTER the reached. the JOG WHEEL to the as the CTRL Once the MENU to the and the NOTE: this around, to to the firmware which found
Once the these the that to NAT router to Browsers to as the HTTP the HTTP from to something the HTTP specified when to the DVR. IP of the DVR ISP HTTP DVR to then the that to typed HTTP://146.82.96.172:1080. The the of the IP specifies the that the HTTP The EDSR offer PTZ functions when the interface. You the with the VKB the interface. This allows to the and while The to the back of the EDSR the RS and the of to the to and of the RS-485 and Ethernet the RS485 as as the wires and used. the top of Ethernet the wires that White-Green and PTZ EDSR Units. RJ-45 from top
EDSR PTZ Once the connected, the EDSR to with PTZ or Please to what and Rate the to the DVR MUST the and SETTINGS: Access the pressing [MENU] the front of the the to highlight the PTZ Press[ENTER] PTZ SETTINGS [ENTER] to the options and the JOG WHEEL to the PTZ ENABLE: to ON, the PTZ to RS485 the PROTOCOL to that of the Everfocus, or VProtect) the BAUD RATE to match that of the PTZ ADDRESS, the that that with then CH2: the to reads [CH2: Press [ENTER] to of the the These MUST match the connected the
VIEWING Once the the The option the PTZ the Right
C C C C Product the industrys first full-featured specifically within the security industry. The incorporates the of recording, to and operates VCR. Highly and of recorded the from the as the choice security Easy-to-use with VCR and Shuttle/Jog picture-by-picture or fast/slow to clean, or of On-screen and Ethernet TCP/IP and process. M-JPEG with quality. with IDE with RS232 and RS485 recording to NTSC/PAL. Alarm-activated recording. Compact Card. recording Chapter
C C C C Specifications
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C The below should service or Please to the following the basic Please and purchased EDSR400: EDSR600: EDSR900: EDSR1600: Chapter
C C C C Instructions Please to to with this of the installation. the or the shown Please the the as the each output to the input the shown Please At least connected the the of to The or Microphone connected to the input the the or other to the the back of the recorder. The from PC the LAN RJ45 Ethernet RS232/RS485: The from PC RS232/RS485. Please This using the to The displays selected or recorded Please The to the or the and the and to or The and selected Please The
C C C C The first the to the the The initially to The to the and the to the If this the detected. Follow the the or Please If the with the flashing and the DVR This the Once completed the and the to the DVR. the earlier. The POWER LED lights light The to the options the DVR.
C C C C DVR completed the first chapters of this You ready to the To this process, the MENU Once the there option as follows. Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option Chapter
C C C C Clock three of the Clock/Language the Clock/Language the following as follows: This the the DVR. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. The as follows: Month: of This field the the DVR which To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. The as follows: Second:
C C C C This field to English from factory and This field to NTSC from factory which the North American and The and PAL. This field the firmware the Please New from firmware instructions) Release This field the the firmware released.
C C C C four of the this of the to recording from specified to the the following This field the of the to the Initially to as You choose from Mon- as as DLY. If to every of the choose the DLY option. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field to the to the recording. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Stop: This field to the to the recording. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C This field to the which would the to recording To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Please to the to recording This field to the recording or off. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Please If to of playback this turned off attempting to playback.
C C C C of the This the which through the and the the following as follows: This field to the the This the to Operation: This field to or off the the The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. o Please If that automatically. This field the which the the The the
C C C C from to seconds. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C of the this title each of To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. CH1 CH2 CH3 CH4
C C C C of the this which to or the This field the to Operation: This field to or off the the The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C of the Record This the operations and options to recording. the Record the following Operations: This field to recording or off. The from the factory to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. These what to when from the There of The first N.O. which Normally The N.C. which Normally The N.O. This option would to the type of input connected to the board. connected which Normally the type to N.O. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C Please to C information about the board. Duration: connected to the activated, the immediately with and the This to the from to seconds. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C Motion of the Motion This the motion recording. the Motion the following as follows: CH: This field the OP: This to the option of turning motion or off. If OP the DVR recording when motion If OP turned off the DVR when motion To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. SEN: This the to motion each There four that used, High, The To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Duration: connected to the activated, the immediately with and the warning This to the from to seconds.
C C C C To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field of each motion. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. the to selection. Once chosen the would to manually the ENTER This to shows of the manually the arrow to through the Initially the that these to motion. To the and the ENTER shows another of manually edited accomplished.
C C C C To this finished the MENU
C C C C Record of the Record This the and recording the the Record the following Normal Record: o This field the which the recording the To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. o Quality: This field recording this item the of the selecting Please to the to recording There recording: 15KB
C C C C o This field what to when the this the to rewrite. The other option to to the option to Stop. This recording once the You would then to to and to the and recording To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Record: o Operation: This field to the option of turning recording or off. If turned the DVR recording when If turned off the DVR when Please motion To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. o This field the which the recording To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. o Quality: This recording this item the of the selecting 19KB 23KB 27KB High 31KB 35KB To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Please to the to recording There recording: 15KB 19KB 23KB 27KB High 31KB
C C C C Record: o Operation: This field to the option of turning recording or off. If turned the DVR recording seconds If turned off the DVR the when To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Record: o Operation: This field to the option of turning recording or off. If turned the DVR recording the This option to to to recording motion. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. 35KB To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C Network thirteen of the Network This the to the DVR. Please to the Chapter of this to to this DVR. the Network the following as follows: IP This field to IP the DVR. IP IP whose Everfocus IP If offer IP the option to IP IP to the Please The the testing apply to comply with to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This to the as the DVR within the
C C C C To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Gateway: This field to the the DVR within the of this within the DVR to the within To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Address: This field those service or Network who MAC of the of DVR. This option This to the users that the Please that this of the Network To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. USER-NAME Changed to Please there three and o and live/playback o
C C C C fourteen of the This from the to to instructions or information the HyperTerminal the the following as follows: RS232: RS232 This to the which to instruction or information through the RS232 the DVR. There BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, and BPS. The from the factory BPS. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS232 Stop This field to the the RS232 There or The the DVR to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C RS232 Parity: This field to the which connected. You choose or to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS232 This field the which There this option: or The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS485: RS485 This field to the which to instruction or information through the RS485 the DVR. There BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, and BPS. The from the factory BPS. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS485 Stop This field to the the RS485 There or The the DVR to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS485 Parity: This to the which connected. You choose or to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS485 This field the which There this option: or The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. RS232/RS485 ID: This to each its ID than through the RS232/RS485 There ID the DVR: or The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C Please KS-KBK and KS-KBJ: RS-485 Stop Parity: ID
C C C C of the This to the internal the the following This field to the internal or the internal The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Record-In: This option to turn the or off when the DVR To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Alarm-In: This field to the or off when recording To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Motion-In: This option to the or off when motion recording To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C This to turn the or off when the To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Loss: This option to turn the or off when the DVR To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field to the or off when recording activated. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C Archive of the Archive This the which archived within the the Archive the following as follows: This to the copying to Compact or through the Initial to the NTSC or PAL. The NTSC or PAL. Please To refresh through the to NTSC or PAL. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This option to the or off when the DVR The appear when archiving through the or to Compact To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C This field to the of the You the top or The to top. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Water This option to or off when copying to Compact this option turned To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Water This field the You the to the top or the The factory to top. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C through of the This the which through the and outputs. the the following as follows: or This field to the the or the to this To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C This field the which the the The the from to seconds. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field to what to or motion The to If this to motion then motion the displayed. the the switch back to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection.
C C C C of the This information and formatting the the the following as follows: This field the of the This the physical of the Record This know what the recorded This know what the back. This field to the Initially to To the the to this option to This which to the to and the Please Chapter and
C C C C of the This options and restoring to the the the following as follows: with and These to while which This option turned or off. The to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This to the which to recorded back. Initially it to Ips. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field to turn the function or off. The to If would to the this option to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field the the when the The playback
C C C C the options. The to characters. The characters to to Z, and To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field the the when the The the functionality of the including the options. The to characters. The characters to to Z, and To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Please If to of the seconds. Please the and If this allow access. This field the which the the the of or motion. The the from to seconds. To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. This field to the firmware the Initially to To the the arrow buttons to this option to This which to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Please Chapter and the updated successfully, to the to the turning the off and then back This to the DVR back to factory Please with DVR restoring the Initially
C C C C to To the the arrow buttons to this option to This which to To this, the the DVR. Press the to selection. Please Chapter and the the successfully, to the to the turning the off and then back
C C C C Recording please to DVR (Chapter You ready to the recording. This chapter to the basic recording. Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the Once You the Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording Once completed the of the and the To the operating the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C To recording the Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the Once You the Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording the completing the previous and to Record and the the Once exited the the DVR To the operating the To recording the Stop Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the Motion Recording completed the options Chapter and the DVR the This Motion Recording. Once You the Record the Record option to the the completing the previous and to Motion Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording the the Please recording. One or motion to sector the sectors. Therefore recording motion the Record Light and off recording properly motion. This eat To this recording to the to continuously. To the operating the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C To recording the Stop Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the Recording completed the options and the DVR the Once You the Record the Recording and that fits Please to the to recording the the Once exited the the DVR To the operating the Turning the clockwise or counter clockwise allow to through the option
C C C C To recording the Stop Please the the DVR recording or overwrite from the of the This what the
C C C C please to DVR (Chapter You ready to the playback. This chapter to the basic playback. Playback completed the options Chapter through Press the to the and the recorded. If Press the the known At to or while back the shuttle to The shown the of the 600X. If to the playback. Then the clockwise or counter clockwise to or The shown the of the If to while something back. Press the and the to to the Turning the counter clockwise to the Search Playback completed the options Chapter through Press the search to the search Chapter
C C C C the and arrow to and the what the the and arrow to choose to and the This the chose. To back the
C C C C completed the options Chapter through Press the search to the search the and arrow to and the Please If the to the there or motion recorded. what the the and arrow to choose to playback and the This the chose. To back the
C C C C Playback completed the options Chapter through Press the search to the search the and arrow to and the what the field the and arrow to and to playback, highlight search, and the This the chose. To back the
C C C C Copying please to the You ready to or from the DVR. This chapter to or from the recorder. Please Compact Cards with or Compact Cards. the or Compact Cards the Compact the front of the DVR. the Compact the of insertion correct. Copy The First Record to the to recording. If the when the This usually the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to Either or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to archive. Chapter
C C C C The to the to archive. Please to chapter to back Once the You the to back or to the to Once the the the You then Copying the while copying to the finished copying from the The the Compact as Copy as MOV The First Record to the to recording. If the when the This the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to Either or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to archive. The to the to archive. Please to chapter to back Once the and the of the to Then the
C C C C You to when the This the copying At this to recording would the Once the to copying the To the The the Compact flash as MOV This type of played QuickTime You this free from www.quicktime.com Other Archiving Other of archiving include software which found You EPR100) which to the of The third option to archive would to DVD VPDVD100). First to the or the Compact to the Compact and the Compact which with recorder. the other of the the USB of
C C C C and to the This the Compact To the the to and the archived. The the Compact MOV This type of played using QuickTime player. You this free from www.quicktime.com
C C C C This chapter to to the DVR. the of to should the following items. microphone (RCA input) and playback (RCA). You to hear through or the and the DVR. You hear through the TCP/IP You archive recording. You motion or with recording. You the to Recommended Station ATR-1. Chapter
C C C C to the DVR? This chapter try to instruction to the DVR. This helpful completing the process. Please to and to DVR Then the that the of DVR. Copy the .HEX to CF the Compact that with DVR (from Please Compact Cards with recorders. using or Compact Cards. the or Compact Cards the Compact the front of the DVR. the Compact the of insertion correct. If Record the to recording. If the when the This the DVR or Motion record. the DVR the to Either or Motion Record and them off. Once type of recording the DVR ready to Press the and the to to the to the Highlight NO to YES wheel to select). Chapter
C C C C Highlight YES and wheel to select). Next to "Reading....then Programming...then Success..." Once of the the Then the the DVR off and back
C C C C This chapter to instruction to network the DVR. the of should knowledge of what and This helpful the process. Introduction to TCP/IP TCP/IP the of the and throughout the world. TCP/IP, every or other that connected to the IP this to the of IP of four the of to The IP to or the LAN. with the Workstation IP of You should or the IP the of IP that this of IP usually with the The first three of IP should the the of LAN, the IP assigned with where the of to LAN The that the to the of the IP and to the of the the each to which LAN or to. The the of the within that Basically the the city this the Chapter
C C C C Each LAN of four the of to The to or the LAN which assigns the IP to router IP of If using this type of router within LAN, then would the IP of the router. The reason this would gateway the assigning the IP therefore the the to This to the of or allow the to without with each other. commonly appear though, to the the URL the following: this the to the the to to the Normally, and this included with the URL (although IP theoretically from to though, the of the (such as HTTP). This to the front of house. Without the to the house This the with If the IP then to that IP or what Please The to other aspects of technology. to physical peripheral such as and USB The to Ethernet such as those switch, or router.
C C C C with the to where to with DVRs. There of high Three commonly T1, and DSL of Please of This the Service Who Please that service that least What type of The service or purchased to establish to the router to allow to the through the IP It assigns internal IP to this IP Static IP the IP every to the With IP other know the identity of and easily with That or other type of IP If offer IP the option to IP This the chapter. IP IP IP each to the service Static IP If this possibility, purchase router or router) which
C C C C DDNS. DDNS service that where DNS information and It allows those IP to centrally users to What type of DVR EDR EDR or EDSR EDSR 400H, 400M, or What of Network three of One to One to the Basically and Another or this DVR to this type of Direct High high from the directly to or this the DVR. to this type of Router or LAN router or LAN Typically this type of the commonly router allows and to each other as as the It assigns internal IP to the computers.
C C C C One to One Ethernet The below shows the Procedure: The First to purchase or purchasing Please straight through this Once the LAN the back of the and the other the the back of the the DVR and using the from the chapter to the Network instructions) Cross-over-cable
C C C C Assign IP of to the DVR, of and of The to the the network to this to To assign IP 2000/XP.
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C
C C C C Once reached this and both the and the To the DVR from the and the type:
C C C C Direct High Straight Through Ethernet The below shows the straight Procedure: The to purchase or straight through purchasing straight through Please this Once straight through the LAN the back of the and the other the high Straight Through DVR
C C C C the DVR and the from the chapter to the Network instructions) Assign the Static IP which obtained from the service to the DVR, the from the service to the DVR, and the of the service Please If IP this type of You to purchase router or service IP (Please to Once reached this and both the and the recorder. To the DVR from and the type: and the IP of service
C C C C Router or LAN Straight Through Router Straight Through Ethernet The below shows the straight Procedure: The First to purchase or straight through purchasing straight through Please this DVR
C C C C Once straight through the LAN the back of the and the other the router. the DVR and the from the chapter to the Network instructions) If Router: Assign IP of to the DVR, of and of If Router: Assign IP of to the DVR, of and of If LAN: to the and the following: o to then and type and OK. Then type and this the information the to assign IP the IP from the of Assign the IP as Copy the and information from the off the to the DVR.
C C C C Please the If Service BellSouth BellSouth that includes built-in router. You to the router functionality. The to within router. the router the router using PC) o EDR to o EDSR to Please If service to the DVR through the routers UPNP forwarding or This the chapters. If IP and the to Chapter to DDNS. Once reached this and restarted the recorder. To the DVR from and the type: and the IP of service Please If service to the DVR through the routers UPNP forwarding or This the
C C C C This chapter cover the router. Please this and If Technical this router This to offer to the and nothing To the Web-based Utility, or and the Routers IP the field. Then, appear. XP the field The first the Web-based Utility, the (You from the Administration Click the OK to Chapter
C C C C The first that appears the This allows to the Router's these as and the to apply or to The Applications and allows to services such as or other that to functions such as or forwarding.) To the information each the required. of each
C C C C Application this field, the to the Each to characters. This the the that the and the that the the this TCP or UDP or Both IP each the IP of the PC the the to forwarding the these as and the to apply or to DVR to Both DVR to Both DVR to Both
C C C C DVR to Both DVR to Both DVR to Both DVR to Both The to within router. the router. o EDR to o EDSR to If Service the following: Clicking the the the The displays as as options of services other applications. To
C C C C the of the the Application field. Next to the of the the of the the the with the software information. On the the UDP or TCP the of the internal the the Int. with the software information. the IP of the that the users to to access. the to the services function the This DVR TCP DVR UDP To the DVR from and the type: IP of service DNS The Router offers (DDNS) DDNS and to IP It when hosting FTP or other the Router. this to DDNS service DDNS service
C C C C DDNS Service From this the DDNS service with which membership. the DDNS account. the DDNS account. The the DDNS URL assigned the DDNS service. IP This the Routers IP as the This displays the of the DDNS these as and the to apply or to
C C C C This chapter cover the router. Please this and If Technical this router This Chapter to offer to the and nothing Chapter
C C C C The to within router. to the router. The the service. The the WAN that to the service. The of the service the IP The of when the service The to which allow the service to If to the the service to If the of the scheduled the service Select or
C C C C the referencing the service IP The the LAN that the services. If that users to would to (HTTP) LAN HTTP TCP and UDP. DVR IP: Both The to within router. the router. o EDR to o EDSR to If Service the following: HTTP TCP and UDP. DVR IP: Both To the DVR from and the type: IP of service
C C C C DNS of to IP Address. This IP To DNS to and the At the of the to Once the of Then the created with Everfocus.homeip.net Then the username and to
C C C C
C C C C DDNS This chapter cover DDNS. Please this and If Technical DDNS or This to offer to the and nothing Creating DDNS Account The first to and the type: The to with clicking Chapter
C C C C This where the information You then to account once the account and the right to DNS. The to with Everfocus.homeip.net The IP should already to and DDNS. You to the previous to DDNS within router.
C C C C To the DVR from and the type: The DDNS created everfocu.homeip.net
C C C C through To the DVR from and the type: (LAN or IP of service The appear the to the shown and to the recorder. You and the Network of DVR. The and and Chapter
C C C C Then the and
C C C C
C C C C Please If grayed, that function
C C C C Interface Specifications D-SUB specifications: The assignment of the D-SUB This or the D-SUB RS-232 Chapter
C C C C There that to instruction or information through the RS232/RS485 the and The from the factory Please to RS232/RS485 to the DVR the as follows.
Remote
Recording
C
RJ45 (RS485) Assignment
Troubleshooting If operating through the following to the The DVR the HDD with the to the to located the to the to DVR only records If motion recording properly this The recommended motion (HDD). Press the button, and the JOG to Motion highlighted then the the OP option, the or that to motion and them the ON From this the to and the of the Motion when finished. Next the and the JOG to Record highlighted then the the Normal recording (IPS) anywhere IPS; to B. quality) the Record and Quality to preference. NOTE the IPS recorded when motion There the option to Pre-Alarm. This the IPS to the or Motion activity. Lastly, the REC light continually **Explanation The DVR IPS when there motion, which HDD motion the DVR higher IPS. This higher motion back.
The DVR First should the wired properly. Please The to yourself0, the wires properly. The to the the amount of There from of the the DVR? The first to the from the or the and the that to If this the from the CF R/W of I/O when trying to archive to This usually with the One reason If Compact please purchase or please the Card than MB. If then the to the to the the The first thing to the IP from the Service If router the router NOTE: Please that If using XP please the This to and downloading the If IP from Service IP conflicts when trying to to DVR(s) high With router (DDNS), allows to this DDNS assign and to IP It when hosting DVR, FTP or other the Router. using this to DDNS service or
routers: BEFSR41 V3 or DLINK DI624 or router that offers DDNS.