Please this first and operation. This should retained reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without PRECAUTIONS the or the from motors, and the from these the or otherwise with operation. the the this other than those recommended or introduction of or other to facing the the to the and/or internal as as creating the of the to the from and other and the with Touching with or touching the with shock. Instructions EVERFOCUS ECD360AV
the to or or shock or, fire. Cleaning with interchangeable the of the directly with the or and to the and the cloth to from the Please or cleaning of of the the the specified or ratings. This only. the within -10C C and and This rated as The input 12VDC. Mounting selecting mounting which the of the wind, or other and securely the to the mounting using screws and anchors which properly the If when mounting to ceilings) to the Table of Product Specifications. Product The ECD360AV with housing, clear to the amount of light, and to the The positioning allows or mounting without the and the to with HAD high and DC the of readily to the while the function to of lighting The from 12VDC
supply; to this with 24VDC supply accessory 24VDC/12VDC With its light of only positioning and the ECD360AV of applications. FEATURES SONY HAD CCD easy installation. light of Employs (DSP) chip-set High TV High smear, high and high S/N (AES), (AGC), White (AWB). This Mounting Screws and hollow Mounting Template
SPECIFICATIONS SONY HAD CCD High Effective NTSC: PAL: (H*V) TV LUX F1.6 S/N Ratio More than NTSC: 1/60s~1/100,000s, PAL: 1/50s~1/110,000s Automatically White ATW (2500K~9500K) Characteristic Furnished Synchronous Negative DC 12V -10C to 50C (14F to 122F) (H) pounds DIMENSIONS
INSTALLATION Warning To shock, off the the the clear CCW about and off. the from the each and off. these where they the and polarity connecting polarity the and the warranty). the the and the to the mounting with the screws provided. location which bear the of the and which free of other wires or other the template the or or mounting screws A, and C, wires If used, the thin the to clear the Screw Screw Mounting Screw Template or
the screws which the the and to the the the its to the upright. the screws and the to the field of and the and screws. the and the the CW to To and
Corporate Headquarter: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw U.S.A California Office: Highland Units CA TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.de Office: Housefin C-21, Complex, (East), TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.in and with high and which and reused. This that and their end-of-life, should of from household Please, of this community collection/recycling the Union there and Please, to the Office: Information Industry District, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.cn U.S.A New York Office: Unit NY TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: 5F Kinshicho city TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.co.jp UK Office: Unit Spitfire CR0 4WD Recycling