Operation Instructions C C C C o o o o o o C C
Operation Instruction Please this first and operation. This should retained reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without rights of the of this or or without written of the Corporation. top of the cover. when the to or it to shock or or base. the from TV or motors, and the from these the the from heaters, or other heat as the high deformation, or other to the the where the -40C to 50C (-40F to 122F). the the or other bright whether or the of CCD directly with cloth to from the If necessary, or and to the CCD and the the the covering the and IR the and the operating instructions should to. recommended the as they allow anything to the cord. this where the or outlets and as this fire or shock. of his through as they or that fire, shock or to the related to the of this to service or Corp
Commission Interference This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or FCC or the the authority to this This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. There screw located the and the only. These NOT screws!! Please or them.
C C C 1.Product with SONY HAD CCD II and IR the EBD430 clear and or light. The IR to which allows EBD430 to with flexibility, easily the the and to easily the field of This (IP66) and with built-in heater There screw located the and the only. These NOT screws!! Please or them. High with SONY HAD CCD II TVL of high to of IR to offer of field of Day/Night function with IR of rotation IR electricity and brightness to IR light reflection the to hours of high IR LED to or Weatherproof and IP66 rated Chapter
C C C Accessory Please when the to to the and that the items below the Unit Template Mounting includes: Screw mounting Anchor Wrench -Fixing Screw (to of If item appears to shipment, properly its and the shipper. If items or Customer Service. The the which the transported.
C C C Specifications SONY HAD CCD II Format NTSC or PAL Scanning NTSC: TVL, fields/sec. PAL: TVL, fields/sec. 494(NTSC) (PAL) TV F=1.2(IR (IR On) S/N Ratio (AGC Light Comp. o o K) White Day/Night Correction BNC IR LED hours Source 12VDC/24VAC 12VDC:9W (Heater ON IR LED ON) 24VAC:9.5W (Heater ON &IR LED ON) 4.6(W) 5.5(D) -40C to +50C to Humidity) IR 30M IR Weatherproof IP66 FCC/CE
C C C /4.6(W) 5.5(D) to
C C C Fixing Fixing Screws Related Products Bracket Recommended to and the Rotation
C This chapter terms, to the EBD430 STEPS: and mount the the and Warning To shock, off the the to or try to areas. and Mounting the the template the or screws A,B,C and D, the Screw Screw Screw Screw C Template
C Mounting the from the fixing turning the counter clockwise. the to the or the screws provided. the to connected to and through the or the to the turning the fixing clockwise. Fixing Screws A,B,C,D
C *Warning* To shock, off the high to the It the the leads or the wires when connecting the supply to the Mount: Wall Mount:
C the fixing with the to the turning clockwise. Please to this that the the of the to the of the fixing clockwise tightly to to the base. Vertically and Tighten fixing screws. Fixing o Fixing Screws
C and There and the to the right and to the to the right and to or There screw located the and the only. These NOT screws!! Please or them.
C Head Office: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw USA L.A. Office: Highland Unit CA U.S.A. TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com USA N.Y. Office: Unit NY TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com and with high and which and reused. This that and their d-of-life, should o from household Please, of this community collection/recycling the Union there and Please, to the Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.de Office: Information Industry District, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.cn Office: WBG MARIBU East 18F, city TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.co.jp Recycling P/N: