Please this first and operation. This should retained reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without PRECAUTIONS the or the from motors, and the from these the or otherwise with operation. the the this other than those recommended or introduction of or other to facing the the sunlight to the and/or internal as as creating the of the to the from and other and the with Touching with or touching the with shock. the to or or shock or, fire. Cleaning with interchangeable the of the directly with the or and to the and the cloth to from the Please or cleaning of of the EVERFOCUS 630TVL IR Instructions ED635
the the specified or ratings. This only. the within and and The input 12VDC. supply Mounting selecting mounting which the of the wind, or other and securely the to the mounting screws and anchors which properly the If when mounting to to the of Product Specifications.... Product performance and high bright light or light. The ED635 HAD II CCD to high with of TV of Combine this with light of and IR with of IR reflectivity or mount housing and effective that fits of The ED635 with that covers field of With 12VDC this the that to CCTV that clarity of light High of 630TVL HAD II CCD IR with of Day/Night mount DC12V Mounting Screw Housing Mounting template
Specifications MODEL ED635 TV NTSC HAD II CCD Effective TV Scanning Scanning to S/N More than (AGC off) Night Day/Night IR IR On with IR Correction White AWB CVBS, DC 12V10% IR ON -10C~50C -20C~60C RH high CE/FCC
Warning: To shock, off the Select mounting location. cover provided. template and wires, hollow anchors; screws anchors used. Mount to with screws and cover Mounting
Corporate Headquarters: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw U.S.A California Office: Highland Units CA TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.de Office: Housefin C-21, Complex, (East), TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.in and with high and which and reused. This that and their end-of-life, should of from household Please, of this community collection/recycling the Union there and Please, to the Office: Information Industry District, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.cn U.S.A New York Office: Unit NY TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: 5F Kinshicho city TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.co.jp UK Office: Unit CR0 4WD Recycling