Please this first and operation. This should retained reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without PRECAUTIONS the or the from motors, and the from these the the the this other than those recommended or introduction of or other and facing the the sunlight to the and/or the from and other and the with Touching with the or touching the with shock. the exposed to or or shock or, fire. Cleaning cloth to from the or and to clean the Please or cleaning. the the specified or ratings. the within and The input 12VDC/24VAC. CCD Day/Night IR Instructions ED335
PRODUCT OVERVIEW ED335 IR from Everfocus. It incorporates breakthrough DSP to SONY HAD CCD the ED335 light performance, and with lifespan/high IR the ED335 to bright, light or light to of the ED335 easily or mounted, The to easily mount the or and then the built and the and to the field of With this from without performance. FEATURES with advanced high TV of high with ICR with IR and IR to (20M; reflectivity) attached to or or mounted type, Iris 12VDC/24VAC High IR with exceeding hours PACKAGE CONTENTS ED335 including and outer mount) as assembly. This Accessory containing: mounting screws washers anchors screws screws to flush-mounting base. Mounting template
Accessory containing mounting DIMENSIONS
SPECIFICATIONS SONY HAD CCD NTSC or PAL Scanning NTSC: TV fields/sec; PAL: TV fields/sec. (NTSC); (PAL) TV (IR LED Day/Night with ICR S/N Ratio (AGC off) DC Iris Iris ON Light Comp. ON White ON Correction BNC Additional testing Source 12VDC/24VAC 12VDC: 6W 24VAC: 6.5W (O.D.) (H)/ (O.D.) (H) 0C~40C 32F~104F Humidity) IR 20M/66 IR IR LED hours CE/FCC (AGC ON)
MAJOR PARTS: NAMES AND FUNCTIONS IR Light
The the base, when shipped from the factory. This mounting, and mounting. IR The included DC allows of the field of The choices Light Light to the lighting the (The light when the internal properly positioned). This cover the from and To the and the and the <F> or <N> as necessary, and when the Iris
To the the Turn the <W> to or <T> to as necessary, and re-tighten when the Please to the BNC of the from the DVR or Please this to 12VDC or 24VAC
3-AXIS GIMBAL BRACKET The to easily mount the or and then the built and to the to the With this from without performance. this screw manually to the screw to this screw. the the both of the the
INSTALLATION ED335 mounted mount and mount. Select the that Mount the template the or Please to the template below. the to the INNER and clearance the and wires. The recommended thickness the anchors and them the to the or
cover head screws); from outer head screws these re-assembly). the to connected to and the outer from the or supply to head screw with washer and anchor. the the screws to the
and from to from and back outer and the the earlier Preposition facing approximately the to of and the
Once the as the cover to outer with the head screws.
Mount the template the or Please to the template below. the to the OUTER the to clearance the The recommended thickness the to to and from the necessary. cover screws)
Unscrew the screws to the from the base. the outer base. Screw the the shown to the both of the the head screws provided. the screws to the
and from to from and back the Preposition facing the the while holding the with both
The to the the the head screws to screw the to the NOT washers.
to of and the Screw the cover back to the with head screws.
Headquarters Office 12F, Road, Office D-46446 USA California Office Highland Unit CA ,U.S.A and with high and which and reused. This that and their end-of-life, should of from household Please, of this community collection/recycling the Union there and Please, to the office Information Industry Office WBG Marive East 18F, city USA New York Office Unit NY Ihr Recycling P/N: MED3G03500