Instructions o o C C EHD150 and
This to the of EHD150 With years of researches, to the high products to the users. the of the right to to the specifications and without the of the products, including and based the of each to of users. Meanwhile, please that every of follow the instruction of this to EHD150 the Please that or from operation. Notice
Table of Warning Introduction..2 Specification.3 Instructions..4 Switch
the or the from TV, the from the the the high the from or other heat as the high deformation, or other of the the where the to to the the the the or other bright whether or Cleaning the of CCD directly. cloth to the from the or and to the CCD and the the the the mount. Heater Heater Heaters located the housing and active while the below the heater while active. Warning
The technically advanced EHD150 the B/W from The B/W withstand from 10-pound and built-in heater that allows It high-profile such as building stores, and The EHD150 of the toughest and choice with high The high of high CCD. DC12V or AC24V switches supply; AC24V. S/N Ratio reaches or Both and or Compact Polycarbonate withstand the of pounds or clear as option. security screw locked Heater when than Introduction
CCD NTSC :768(H) 494(V) PAL: 752(H)582(V) TV F=1.6 S/N off) Weatherproof ratings: IP66 only) IRIS only) on/off switch light on/off switch on/off switch 24VAC correction: 12VDC+/-10%, 24VAC+/-10% 5W AC24V) F=2.0 Heater activated Heater optional to Specification F=1.6 (15W when heater active; thermostatically
the screws the housing cover the wrench the housing cover as the shown below please to the To the housing cover, the to the of the the easily from the the To the first the the back of the Then the locking screws the base, the to the right heater as shown the from the mounting base. the and the while the mounting completed. Instructions Heater Screws
Mounting the base. Mounting the to the or the the setscrews attached the accessory The weighted please the mounting enough to please the mounting to the The of the screw (PF1/2) (PF1/2) To the housing, apply or around the Mounting Mounting setscrew The with the PF the The screw and the back entry. the setscrew (as shown the Mounting
the supply (AC24V/DC12V), and to the shown as The V. Phase screw located the termination board. The phase to the phase of the with other the when to the the when the phase of the match with other Switch V. Phase VR Termination COM NO NC DC12V or AC24V GND DC12V or AC24V
The rotated horizontally, and the (as shown the as If used, the and of the to the to the locking screws the the fixing Screws
LL Off/On To the off) and (LL the off, the to the internal base. the the synchronization the AC the
BLC Light Compensation) On/Normal BLC turned the AGC, ES and IRIS operating the instead of field-of-view, that foreground clearly distinguished from brightly-lit backgrounds. BLC should to back-lit. The Normal. FL Function) On/Normal fiercely, FL then the the of 1/100(NTSC) or 1/120(PAL) automatically, and reduce the immediately. The Normal. ES Off/On ES ON: The continuously the from (NTSC), (PAL) to to the of the ES OFF: The (NTSC), (PAL) second. ES OFF, when or bright ES performance. The ON.
IRIS Brightness from the IRIS VR while the Turn counterclockwise to to Turn clockwise to to brighter IRIS ALC To light Turn the IRIS ALC VR counterclockwise Turn the IRIS ALC VR clockwise
Head Office: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw USA Office: CA, U.S.A. TEL: FAX: free: or 1-888-EV-FOCUS Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: Office: 10/F., Road, TEL: FAX: Office: WBG Marive East 18F, city P/N: MD15G00110