Please this first and operation. This should retained reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. specifications therefore to without PRECAUTIONS the or the from motors, and the from these the or otherwise with operation. the the this other than those recommended or introduction of or other to facing the the to the and/or internal as as creating the of the to the from and other and the with Touching with or touching the with shock. Light TVL 12VDC Instructions EVERFOCUS ED700
the to or or shock or, fire. Cleaning with interchangeable the of the directly with the or and to clean the and the cloth to from the Please or cleaning of of the the the specified or ratings. This operation only. the within -10C C and and This rated as The input 12VDC. Mounting selecting mounting which the of the wind, or other and securely the to the mounting using screws and anchors which properly the If when mounting to to the Table of Product Specifications. Product light and the high the specs from the The EQ700 the HAD II 960H CCD to of TV of from each and every the this advanced Combine this with light of back light (BLC) and highlight (HLC) or mount housing and effective that fits
of applications. The EQ700 with (other that covers field of With 12VDC this the of that to CCTV that astounding clarity of light FEATURES of TV astounding HAD II light of light with switching from to B/W of light Light (BLC) and Highlight (HLC) the field of Reduction to clarity while to Astounding clarity from the housing allows of mounting flexibility of only 12VDC supply required) This Mounting Screws Mounting Template
SPECIFICATIONS HAD II 960H High CCD Format NTSC or- PAL NTSC: Effective NTSC: 976(H) 494(V) PAL:976(H) 582(V) More than TVL from Light S/N Ratio (AGC off) BNC 1.0V 75, Correction Night Day/Night Reduction 2D-DNR Tone Curve Reproduction ATW (1,800K to 10,500K) Light Compensation (BLC) On Highlight Compensation (HLC) On Source 12VDC supply (1.32W) 14F~122F -10C~50C -4F~140F -20C~60C than high CE FCC
DIMENSIONS INSTALLATION Warning To shock, off the the and location which bear the weight of the and which free of other wires or other the template the or or mounting screws B; optionally, If used, there notch the to clear the wire. the mounting screws the mounting the clear CCW and off. Template
the Direction the to the the the its to the upright. the screws which the to the of and the screws. the cover twisting the cover CW to If the wires concealed, first the and polarity polarity the and the warranty. the to the mounting the of the mounting the heads of the screw and then slightly clockwise. While holding the the CW the screws, to (and to the mounting to the though the notch the base). CW Mounting
Corporate Headquarter: 12F, Road, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.tw U.S.A California Office: Highland Units CA TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: D-46446 TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.de Office: Housefin C-21, (East), TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.in and with high and which and reused. This that and their end-of-life, should of from household Please, of this community collection/recycling the Union there and Please, to the Office: Building, Information Industry District, TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com.cn U.S.A New York Office: Unit NY TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.com Office: 5F Kinshicho city TEL: FAX: www.everfocus.co.jp UK Office: Unit CR0 4WD Recycling