Instruction C C C C o o o o C C o o o o C C o o
Instruction Corp Please this first and operation. This should retained reference. The information this when published. The the right to and its products. therefore to without rights of the of this or or without written of the Corporation. Precautions top of the cover. when the or to shock or to to or base. the from TV, the from the the from or other heat as the high deformation, or other of the the where the -40C to 50C (-40F to 122F). the the or other bright whether or the of CCD directly. cloth to the from the or and to the CCD and the the the cover the mount. the products and the operating instructions should to. recommended the as they allow anything to the cord. this where the and cords as this fire or shock. of his through as they or that fire or shock. related to the of this to service or
Communication Commission Interference This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician FCC or the the authority to this This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation.
Product Accessory Specifications INSTALLATION and Mounting Position Table of
C C C Product The EZ430 weatherproof IR with the and IRIS with of located the back of the housing. EZ430 allowing to the housing and to and and weatherproof IP66 rated, the EZ430 the weather TVL of high to of IR to offer of High with SONY HAD CCD Day/Night function with IR easy and IRIS wires to and of IR to electricity and to LED light reflection to hours of high IR LED Weatherproof and IP66 rated Chapter
C C C Accessory Please when the to the and that the items below the Unit Bracket (Connected with Mounting includes: Screws mounting Screws -Washer Wrench Please If item appears to properly its and the shipper. If items or Customer Service. The the which the transported.
C C C Specifications Items SONY HAD CCD Format NTSC or PAL NTSC:525 TV fields/sec Scanning 494(NTSC); (PAL) TV F=1.2(IR OFF) (IR ON) S/N Ratio Light Comp. White ~9000K) Night Correction BNC Source 12VDC/24VAC Humidity) IR 30M IR IR LED hours Weatherproof IP66 Heater built-in FCC/CE PAL:625 TV fields/sec. 12VDC:12W (Heater On IR LED On) 24VAC:15W (Heater On IR LED On) 9.26(D) 6.86(H)
C C C inches of to
C C C of whole with
C C C Fixing Screw Bracket in/out and IRIS
C C C There to light Press switch light and light. Light Press and to Press Right and to Light Press and to IRIS Press and Right to the IRIS UP Right
C This chapter terms, to the EZ430 STEPS: and mount the the Warning To shock, off the high to the It the the leads and the when connecting the supply to the and Mounting the to connected to and from Chapter
C the to the using the screws. the using wrench. please Wrench to the screw first. To the and to paint-off scratches the
C There cover back screw A. Screw the cover. Screw
C and IRIS Light Press and to Press Right and to Light (A) Press and to IRIS (B) Press and right to the IRIS the cover To people touching the and buttons, the cover the the the cover and IRIS
C Office 12F, Road, Office D-46446 USA California Office Highland Unit CA ,U.S.A Unit NY Office Housefin C-21 (East), and with high and which and reused. This that and their end-of-life, should of from household Please, of this community collection/recycling the Union there and Please, to the office Information Industry Office 5F Kinshicho City Building USA New York Office Recycling P/N: