CGHE1 purchase the Commerical Water with and EVERPURE INSTANT HOT WATER DISPENSER provided) mounting screws (and anchors attaching to Shut-Off with T (EV312120) and ordinances.) and or or function with Connecting the and the warranty. IMPORTANT INFORMATION This of 190F (88C) as from the This to flow of The to of hour 190F (88C). to high reasons, the Consequently, there of the activated. This and that the chamber functioning properly. mounting O.D. or wrench(es) 560H486P01 REV
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS VERY CAREFULLY using should including the following: instructions. To shock, cord, or or other with or or the to the factory examination, or Warranty or of or counter, or other than household this to inches of around the to service this Repairs should authorized service The burns. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS. THIS PRODUCT FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ONLY. The displayed right to information to of that serious or death. Please to the information following these and to comply with these instructions property serious or death. ELECTRICAL REQUIREMENTS Recommended the with supply ground To shock the ground-type grounded with the National ANSI/NFPA edition* or CSA C22.1, edition** and and ordinances. If outlet the responsibility and obligation of the to properly grounded, outlet of the from: National Protection Association **CSA International One Batterymarch Quincy, MA M9W1R3 If and ground used, recommended that that the ground AC only or fused, grounded required. It recommended that provided. NOTE: outlet that turned on/off switch. WARNING DANGER WARNING grounded ground cord. to follow these instructions death, fire or shock.
HOT WATER CONCEPT household heater, this reasons. household heater, the the heater the the creating and built the OVERVIEW and as cover. location to mount This existing the top (the hose or another the or counter-top. the location of the with the such as cooking Location of the should easy The thickness of the or counter than to the the with and the thermostat turned to the OFF with this Appliance within of the comply with and ordinances. compounds as they the causing objectionable and and ordinances. hose or If to hose with and to supply and mounted vertically to of optional and instructions.
INSTALLATION You where The mounted existing the or to If to the or to You to or with Porcelain: to through or If with this should this professional plumber. to without these as BE SURE TO CONFIRM YOUR FAUCETS COMPATIBILITY WITH THIS APPLIANCE. FAUCET MUST BE OPEN VENT STYLE. Mounting vertically beneath the from the reaches the supply the and touches the the the top of below the first of with the and screw If anchors NOTE: The the hose to the or Follow the instructions included with to or to the the top of the with the with the the with and straight as as both to and thread hose through then top of The should when properly the hose twisted or Hose shortened necessary. NOTE: DO NOT lengthen the hose performance impaired and warranty OFF
with and to and It Cold Water Quick-Connect The cone-shaped seated the with the the which attached to the (The or of the the the become the process. to that seated correctly within the If the off screwdriver the notch and off. Gently the If with light or motion If properly, should to instructions included with necessary. Cold to the through the the to the the and the that with the The of the to the the to the Commerical to to the and It that shut-off this and the supply Another with the of below. If used, follow the instructions. to to hose to supply with and to supply. TYPICAL INSTALLATIONS shut-off EV312120) T to the located top of with with hose with to supply of T with Shut-Off EV312120
Turn necessary) to (about flow from Turn off. thermostat the OFF Thermostat the the or IMPORTANT INFORMATION This with Thermal Turn thermostat to OFF and with the from the If and the thermostat the ON when the connected, the the heater the to the heater protecting the heater from The the heater hour*. Turn the supply to the and the to the and the warranty. of turning the supply and approximately grounded outlet off/on switch. Turn thermostat clockwise to the highest reached about and ready the turning thermostat counterclockwise or To or the the thermostat At the LOW of thermostat approximately 140F (60C) and the HIGH of the thermostat approximately 200F (93C).
CLEANING AND MAINTENANCE Seasonal Shutdown To when to to supply. Turn thermostat to OFF counterclockwise). Turn and cold. L) of the screwdriver to the screw and the and screw. Tighten to reseal the NOTE: supply empty. Cleaning Quick-Connect Cold Water If that the flow reduced, to the to Turn thermostat to the Turn and it to of burn. Release with screwdriver, using the notch the using the screwdriver the around This action releases allowing of the and (there and clean with as necessary. and as necessary. If hour or Then to clean. Reassemble of when the back there the Turn thermostat to the The ready about with and screw notch
TROUBLESHOOTING The following covered the One Warranty. Water supply properly and Turn thermostat clockwise. This and possibly sound the and/or from the If the thermostat slightly counterclockwise the and/or This should within seconds. Turn counterclockwise the of the and the of the blown or tripped IMPORTANT NOTE the thermal of installation). NOTE: The thermostat activates the heater the 15F (8C) from the The of or from Turn thermostat counterclockwise item that the hose connecting the to the clogged, twisted or If supply, CLEANING AND MAINTENANCE of of from to and to If connected backwards or cross-connected, to this Water flow right or to high and reasons, the causing flow. supply hose from twisting or tight or Water or appears: turning thermostat counterclockwise. NOTE: If lowering the thermostat the the supply and service. LLC IL USA Technical Service: www.everpure.com