IntroductIon The ENVI-RO Reduction pre-assembled (RO) to high such as coffee, and to It of treatment easy to The protection and causing while and that foul or Initial Production Water supply and PERFORMANCE section Water characteristics The following the allowable operating of within which the ENVI-RO function properly. (TDS) Chlorine Chloramines NTU Iron this activated should with this to the from should the consists of 2SR-BW Water Conditioning Dual-Head MR-600 (RO) RO Water with The 2SR-BW Water Conditioning that reduces the of found RO life. The Dual-Head increases the to back- the This approach to both and back-pressure allows efficiency. The MR-600 RO from the and flushed the The that to through the which to as RO or Once the RO produced, the RO Water This It acts as the and the connected of instantaneously, It reduces the on-off of the RO which and the life. Printed U.S.A. EV3128-25 SE08 and ENVI-RO High Efficiency Reduction Foodservice Applications SPecIfIcatIonS Static 40-100F (4.4-37.8C) 3/8-inch OD Push-in) 3/8-inch OD Push-in) AC Phase Ampere: Stand-by: Branch Protection: or AMP Ground Protected Can the mounted within reasonable of the supply and there un-switched VAC GFIC (ground protected the there clearance and to the and The based and selected. operating the supply the below? of PSI than of (TDS) than NTU
Please this to and operating the Incoming that these to the performance affected including and change-out with building inspector and to this Additional such as back-flow Completed and the ENVI-RO specifically or specified with the ENVI-RO and InSPectIon The ENVI-RO includes the installation. of connecting to the and included. The ENVI-RO as At should the following: Plate mounted assembly including: Dual-head Cartridge Heads Wall Mount Bracket MR-600 RO 2SR-BW Cartridge Inspect the to freight immediately and and inspect each aSSembly the that to the supply and with routing the to the location, from of and/or ease of servicing when selecting location. the mounting its to properly the of the when (Approximately pounds). WARNING screws than mounting the WARNING Mounting to Hollow walls, and other reinforced. assembly mounting The ENVI-RO with mount to allow and ease of If the mount this the backplate mounting directly to to information. this as to the mount and/or location. If NOT the mount to the Wall mount top of mounting the top of backplate 16X THRU ENVI-RO Assembly. Reduced TDS (From (Cofee) 2SR-BW Conditioning Cartridge TDS ENVI-RO MR-600 RO Cartridge and RO to
to mounting Position the top of inches below the top of the when the mount to than to the to the to the to the mount the and the of the backplate the top of the mount to and to the top of the backplate the and the the backplate. Tighten the the the of the backplate. to and the of the with of and These and to the following provided, which includes and to by-pass. the to the the shown the to the RO The and associated the RO outlet to the serviced should food that NSF or with rating of 100-PSI. The with creating to objectionable or reinforced choices RO The of the should ID of or from the RO to the serviced should ID Shut-off the supply of to the existing and from the treated outlet of the to the of the ENVI-RO the and type of and associated to the ENVI-RO Route the to the serviced coffee, the outlet and by-pass Apply to the existing and back service. the It should and when the empty. OD to the WASTE) located right of the other of the to properly. Allow the following and and WARNING to to RO Production the Performance Table to the this flow, other of this the from the section of to this This assembly to the recovery the following section, then the from the and the assembly the and and Y-Connector Steamer coffee
The ENVI-RO includes based that and the operation. information and buttons access. To follow of and of each function. this as operation and when service required. the operation and operating of the following the the with software and hours or the below the switch the and the Once the the the switch off the seconds displayed. If the ENVI-RO the of the FLUSHING this there flow to seconds displayed. At the of FLUSHING, or too the FLUSHING, the REFILL seconds displayed. The ENVI-RO This allows of The buttons below the these of the shown the Press and seconds to X1 This the the recovery and flow, seconds this seconds the to this Press to and to X2 This the If the the selected, the FLUSHING hours this to hours hour the to this Press to and to This allows the which the MAIN SCREEN VIEW. Press YES to NO to NOT selection and to coffee This allows the TDS reading the coffee outlet with this when the YES to this and NO to coffee tdS: This only The the TDS of the the Coffee outlet The readings flow the Coffee Press to to the MAIN SCREEN VIEW. This The the and to the MAIN SCREEN VIEW. If and to TDS This allows of the TDS the this to the with the to this Press to and to the MAIN SCREEN VIEW. The pre-wired the factory. that VAC ground protected rated Amps located when instructed to the following section. ENVIRO V. X.XX TOTAL: XXXX.XX PRESSURIZE... XXXXX FLUSHING... XXXX REFILL... XXXX ENVIRO V. X.XX TOTAL: XXXX.XX X1 X2 Coffee Coffee TDS: XXX PRESS TO RETURN SAVING DATA... TDS CAL XXX
and the outer shrink-wrap and protective from the 2SR-BW MR-600 RO the 2SR -BW head. the shut-off Apply to the the the Within the should and the PRESSURIZE Once flow of established, cord. Empty 2SR-BW the the with the the head. the head and firmly, the the head and then the to the right OD from 2SR-BW to Route and cord. Once flow of established, cord. OD to Empty Route from the to temporarily. MR-600 the the with the the head. the head and firmly, the the head and then the to the right cord. Once of established, from (about cord. WARNING Product It from the and should consumed! recoVery Measure the TDS. to Table the TDS the Water TDS that to TDS that to recovery, to ratio and or apply to the and the flow (from and the (WASTE) flow the the collected to the shown the the to increase or the flow. Empty the and Once the ratio of Permeate-to-Reject closely matches the the only graduated the If or and collected together. cord. to Table the the that to the collected that to the the from the the 1/4"OD from the Y-connector. the each and to the the trimming. SHARP to the cleanly without tearing or crushing the assembly and cord. Allow to and This to Table the Seconds, the that to the Water TDS. this the FLUSH TIME X1. FLUSH INT X2 to RO Flow Assembly Not FLOW CONTROL TUBE FLOW CONTROL TUBE
Recovery Permeate to Ratio (feed) Water tdS to to to to to to to to to to to to to and Selector Seconds ounces PLUG PLUG PLUG PLUG White PLUG White White Grey White White White White White White White Grey White Grey Grey recovery Permeate to ratio Permeate recovery Permeate ounces ounces
activation and recovery the and associated disinfected, then completely flushed. The this outlined below. the OD that to the of the the which to the the Measure ounce of bleach every of capacity. this of bleach the that leads to the this to the Apply to the the the The should to and the Once the than treated from least of the ENVI-RO supplying to. Once of the purged, and flow of the flow the connected the from of connected from each individually. Allow the to the off. Allow the chlorinated to the and the cord. the downstream and allow the to Once the empty, downstream. Apply to the the the Once the than treated from least of the ENVI-RO supplying to. the the connected the to each of from them each. Allow the to the off. the cord. the downstream and allow the to Once the empty, downstream from the exiting the or connected Once the activated, the and sanitized, the ENVI-RO service. operation, the the ENVI-RO should the following and A. by-pass closed. B. Once the initially, to the outlet and to the performance. The should recorded to performance. Performance to this information. operation, supply of to the The and outlet the and flushing closed and the unrestricted. outlet and The ENVI-RO of which below. The STEAMER directly from the RO The TDS of this ideally such as steamers and other that the This outlet The outlet COFFEE of It or of directly from the RO and, containing the as the (feed) The following text the of this the (FBV) and (DBV) location of these the COFFEE The flowrate should the expected of connected Access the Coffee TDS the to reading of the TDS the flowing to the COFFEE TDS to If reading higher than FBV TDS If reading than DBV TDS RO Locations (FBV) (DBV)
Performance* SectIon Production Hour to Production rates based the following: TDS Soft Water 77F, to Atmosphere, Recovery SDI Water Flowrate (typical) Rejection Recovery based and only 32"H 23"W 13.6"D and 24-inch TFC Conditioning Cartridge 10-inch 10-inch *Specifications To Without Notice.
SectIon Performance outlet flow tdS Steamer tdS coffee outlet tdS reduction
troubleSHootIng operating to to RO to to to restrictive. Increase to Installation" section Objectionable cartridge(s) exhausted. cartridge(s). flow too or restricted. Check/correct to allow the and inspect obstruction or obstruction. required. restriction. and/or cartridge(s). SR SR RO RO Check/repair and Incorrect Empty to of or rated output If within increase Increase RO RO Incorrect Empty to of or disinfection. Disinfect Check/repair and
EV311192 PI PI EV312810 Reducing EV312839 (FBV) EV312808 EV312818 EV312809 without EV312814 EV312817 EV312815 EV311161 (DBV) EV310391 EV312840 EV962714 Cartridge, 2SR-BW EV962713 Cartridge, MR-600 and EV312827 RESTRICTOR, BLUE, EV312828 RESTRICTOR, WHITE, EV312829 RESTRICTOR, GREY, EV312830 RESTRICTOR, RED, EV312831 RESTRICTOR, BROWN, EV312832 RESTRICTOR, GREEN, EV312833 PLUG, OD EV312867 IN-LINE FILTER, GS-215RO-H, 16PK
The ENVI-RO the and typical service, the change-out as below. every months the both by-pass from cord. the Follow instructions the SR the to catch that from the head. the turning the to the and free from its head. the outer shrink-wrap and protective from the SR the the with the the head. the head and firmly, the the head and then the to the right OD from SR Cartridge to Route and cord. Route from the to temporarily. Once of established, cord. OD to cord. both by-pass months the and to Disinfection section the both by-pass from cord. the Follow instructions the MR the to catch that from the head. the turning the to the and from its head. the shrink-wrap and protective from the MR the the with the the head. the head and firmly, the the head and then the to the right both restrictors temporarily. Route from the to temporarily. cord. Once of established, from (about cord. WARNING Product It from the and should consumed! both by-pass the both by-pass from cord. the and both outlet Route from the to temporarily. Follow instructions the the to catch that when flow then flow as cord. Once of established, from the and both outlet both by-pass
Top
and service, or: Printed U.S.A. EV3128-25 SE08 technical Service www.everpure.com