EVGA CA www.evga.com 128-P2-KN01 KILLER XENO o o o TM PRO
of Chat the the and Latency Reduction (LLR) Advanced Firewall Technical Warranty Information EVGA Advanced RMA (EAR) EVGA Community EVGA FAQ EVGA FOLDING@EVGA MODS RIGS Information Information the to Uninstall NOTE: using onboard recommended to first the onboard from within BIOS. Turn off and the cord. existing the EVGA PCI-E NOTE: If PCI-E the PCI-E the below both of installation.
the cover and that the installation. Ethernet the EVGA (RJ-45 the CD or the EVGA that downloaded www.evga.com/support/drivers The and through the You to PC once the Chat If to the EVGA built chat, to the included input/outputs correctly. There options this, and internal, or NOTE: You to of the below options. the four-pin to the four-pin the top of the EVGA the other of the to the input AUX or CD motherboard onboard or soundcard sound If four-pin motherboard or sound follow the below the to the LINE OUT the EVGA the other of the to the MIC IN motherboard onboard or soundcard using sound
MIC microphone or microphone to the MIC IN the EVGA headphones or to the LINE OUT or AUDIO OUT motherboard onboard or soundcard sound Option: third option to headset exclusively chat, and without the sound To this, the microphone to the microphone and the headphone headset to the the this option the chat exclusively the the The with the technical and to of these recommended to the The to fight smoother These repeated multiplayer such as or MMO or FPS LLR Network TCP TCP Unit On the and Latency Reduction (LLR) and Latency Reduction (LLR) the the allowing the to the Network and Other function properly with LLR selected. It recommended that other to LLR Application operates the as optimized, this to that to the Network (such as VPN or troubleshooting that functioning LLR To the LLR Right-click the Select the LLR
the to the or than The following shows the and each. the based the of the only Ethernet the the Ethernet that to Ethernet that to To the Right-click the Select Select the NIC the and Normal The Normal to the the and the network Click OK The following shows the The should from the the connected to switch or router switch or router or Restricts the to and performance This the recommended switches, routers, or This should to or
To the Right-click the Select Select the NIC the and Normal The Normal to the the and the Click OK Advanced Advanced should or technical It recommended to the The following shows the and their recommended TCP the This poorly written from this technical Turning off TCP latency the of the TCP this registry entry: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\ Microsoft\MSMQ\Parameters\TCPNo the which acknowledged. of that Unit (MTU) the broadcasts. To advanced Right-click the Select Select the NIC the and Advanced The Advanced to the advanced which appear the TCP Select the TCP the the previous of each Click OK that allows to while the each to with and smoother while to streaming downloading chat or of these. this with or applications, or technical selectively to latency IMPORTANT: of other when this to to the to service recommended MTU or the MTU the that without location. performance.
To the following and applications: Priority To Right-click the Select Select the Priority and the and applications. The and these as high You these and other as the or whose to and appear with the the operating These abbreviated. World of Warcraft as of as Select the the or such as chat or streaming lower-priority or to with the the or the offloads the the the This recommended only. the offload the the and the the and to
the or and Download and Unlimited Other should to than the each while and to assign to than This the performance of Select the and the the and to Click the to and the write the Download and as shown this the Download and the Download/Upload to to the tested broadband these too high to assign too to which Click OK Firewall protects from and unauthorized the Network Processing Unit (NPU), allowing to software firewalls that the operating This protected with performance than software-based firewalls Firewall protects each to It this that to that to to the and to and to the You to Firewall already protected firewall router or
To or Firewall: Right-click the Select Firewall On the the On to Firewall; the to Firewall. Firewall automatically. automatically. To On the the section. Select Application this to when to the This the option; Firewall once when access. this to that trying to access. This option; Firewall to about that to the would to this as to the firewall If Firewall that You to occasionally, or and then or If this Firewall To Firewall On the the which to firewall Click the Click OK to the and to the Firewall Firewall You typically to Firewall patched, or from To On the the which to Click Click when prompted to the and to the
Technical EVGA to products. If to Customer Service, please ready, as as and ready. You to You or when of Operation: Technical Support: 880-EVGA Support: Warranty Information: warranty information this please EVGA to warranty that EVGA Advanced RMA (EAR) The EVGA Advanced RMA (EAR) to and the of please EVGA Community: To the EVGA community boards, please EVGA FAQ: To search knowledge and FAQ please EVGA If to this the the tournaments, and FOLDING@EVGA: Distributed computing the know graphics MODS RIGS: Sponsorships every off and of the things EVGA, Information FCC Information This with FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following Increase the the and the to from that to which the connected. the or The of shielded of the to the graphics to with FCC or to this the the authority to the CE Information EMC Directive 89/336/EEC and 92/31/EEC, Class EN and Light Products (EN 55022/CISPR and of of (EN 2/CISPR and of of Interference Characteristics Information Warning: This Class this interference which the to EN Immunity and Light Products (IEC IEC IEC Information EVGA EVGA, the EVGA and thereof of EVGA Bigfoot the Bigfoot and the of Bigfoot Networks, Inc. products and or of their respective EVGA the right to specifications without