of Introduction Function DOS the
Introduction The EVGA and useful and overclockers to their EVGA products World Records and overclocking Its and straightforward hand-phone. The of that software eat
Function OK: C: Upwards/Increase notch Down: downwards/decrease notch Profile Press once to off/on to (Explained the Flashing section) Press once to
the EVGA Enabled products to their respective the illustrated, MB Motherboard, VGA1, VGA2, VGA3 connecting to EVGA Cards. You to items of those. to EVGA Motherboard that that this Card this the to the the Motherboard or Card. Highlighted where located below EVGA X58 Classified (E759, 769)Motherboard:
EVGA X58 Classified E762 Motherboard
EVGA P55 FTW E657
EVGA P55 FTW E658
EVGA P55 Classified E659
You that the Connector with and another. The Connector with there when EVGA GTX285 Classified
the light and to The the when EVGA X58 Motherboards and Classified Cards. If using EVGA P55 Motherboards, please follow the of instructions to the firmware P55 Motherboards. There to firmware of DOS or DOS CD ROM and choose to with the CD. Once booted DOS, this command Flash to the seconds to to the X58 or P55, X58 or P55. Not Switch off the or the PC this the completed this Connector and back and ready! You XP, or or following this of instructions. CD ROM and choose to to P55 or back to X58 clicking the
to the seconds to then OK to please and off the PC or this EVbot flashing light and off the process. to and and it ready If to the flashing of firmware intermittently, the and and holding least seconds this: and reflash repeating the as the then reflashed
the the OK to To with the BIOS, the choose the to first. If of the the and to the connected. Motherboard first. Press OK Motherboard. You Clocks, OK to the booted
the the Motherboard, what the BIOS. and to the options To the OK the of choice. CPU PLL as Once the option, the displayed. It the To increase to
Once the to apply, OK this the You from Apply? To OK You OK! once the actually applied. to this from henceforth, the CPU PLL the which as C to to and the clocks CPU
CPU the Press or to increase or respectively. to to OK to Press OK to or C to Once the clock applied, OK! from to this from henceforth, the CPU the clocks, which This as the clockspeeds the of
Clock and others, to preference. CPU 3D usually to this to CPU. There of of the the CPU seconds and back seconds. Press OK to apply.
operating At of to this, C to There Custom that the to the to and terms of seconds) and to and terms of seconds). Press OK to item or the and to around the
the that and there seconds and and there seconds and repeating the action to and fro. It only when OK Apply? Communicates SMBUS, prolonged writing/reading function of the the SMBUS to OPT when SMBUS such as the of or the of CPUZ to SMBUS authority that write the Motherboard permanently BIOS the the of the BIOS and the of This to from written the BIOS. To around this this wished, Profile the (More Load/Save Profile that clear of to to Motherboard. the to the Card connected to VGA the and the OS to the Cards.
the the GPU Core, VPLL the PLL Clock the GPU, VDD GPU Memory and VDDQ the GPU Memory. To of the OK to the to VPLL and that the to to and OK. and OK to or C to
Once the applied, OK! to this from henceforth, VPLL the VPLL, which The retained with the To and them easily and quickly, the of or You this: Press to the of to Motherboard and Cards. To forth the the and choose instead of With and to the that VGA/Motherboard, the included CD or from that learned the information this and overclocking!
EVGA Precision: overclocking with this from EVGA. FOLDING@EVGA: Distributed computing the know turn graphics MODS RIGS: Sponsorships every off and of the things EVGA,