PR10908000 Freshbrew (B C)
Introduction Section Specifications............................................................3 Section Procedure Section To Section Cleaning and Section Service Section Section Section Section and Section De-commissioning The The following throughout this of Copyright
Introduction This to the installation, operation, cleaning and the of freestanding and when the should service It recommended that this serviced trained Service Technician. It the of to its of The information within this of publication, information only and without using or cleaning the this and easy reference and follow these instructions using the and that who with the cleaning or of the reads the instructions. of Electricity: operations the cleaning and the to to the electricity supply and switched These to other operations and only trained Observation of with specified, the from the electricity supply cleaning and servicing. The should from the and should from and the lead, Service Technician. Allow the to cool or the or other and clean with If the should Service Technician to switching that with the Health and Work and Electricity Work Regulations. This and because should sited clean,
Section Specifications Specifications Height Capacity Services AC Water Services BSP from and and only. Water with freshbrew or connected to the supply and supply the Brita
Instruction Decal LCD Selection Decals Selection Coin Coin Entry Coin Foot Switch Graphic
Service Unit Catcher Kickplate Head Mixing Station (B2C) Canister Canister (B2C) Switch
Section Procedure It that and servicing the the following: The and of the should trained and authorised service and services correctly and connected. covers correctly and securely and the Locating the The only, with recommended below C and exceeding C. The should located the and services as Specifications to the to its location, that there lifts, To inches) clearance allowed the back of the and the the the and the containing the assembly from the of which occurred If the or the immediately. the the both front to back and to that the and easily. Connecting the Water The should within of supply from terminating with W.R.C. N.B. The supply should with both the Statutory and and The Water (Water Quality) Regulations Water the within the
Freshbrew with freshbrew or connected to the supply This of food and to temporary heavy (lead, and and supply the Brita Warning! If the indicated connected to the supply and without as specified, the warranty the flexi-hose with the to the that the correctly. the the the hose to the located the rear of the that the correctly fitted. that supply tight. Turn the supply the and the (where fitted) following the instructions the Connecting the The earthed. On account should earthed to the supply The connected to fused switched to the of the IEE BS fused If the becomes from the Commissioning Procedure The following trained the the first that the and services to the connected correctly. the supply. the front of the the switch to the the screws provided. that the the switch when the closed. Switch the electricity supply. that the correctly. the and correctly the of the
Release the catch the and the from the the assembly from its and the that the the with the the mounting the and the with the the type of catcher to the Allow the to the directly from the DO NOT the with the directly the Allow the to to the when the the the If loaded, each of first inspected to the used. the with the the switch as shown. The The the first to the and the the the with and the the assembly back to its operating that the securely the catch. The and the heater to the heats, that overflows from the heater the the the LCD the as shown the The which allow the heater to of If software the heater within this the supply should switched off and then to the heater the amount of through the and the the the and the to the
N.B. the the first to the to the Press the Service the (photo). The of through the which heated to operating the the the and the to the Should the to correctly or off the and the to the the the LCD the front of the to that the heated to the and that the to free the N.B. displayed the and soluble/freshbrew outlets to upright the from the and the the the station located the (photo) and with DO NOT the the or with the from the and the that to operating station. this to the the outlets to their operating the to the fresh beans outlet the from the the
To the fresh beans the of the the provided. DO NOT the the the with coffee beans. The capacity of approximately the and the from the the the that located correctly. the outlet to operation. N.B. To quality, that the replenished Press the switch located the Service the of the and that cleanly from the Press the Head switch located the Service the rear of the and that the head to its Press the switch to the head to its (homed) the and correctly. the directly the with its the cover. (Freshbrew with only with the the the Press and the switch the service the chamber reaches its the to switch off the to the the cover and paper/waste the the chamber and through the the and cover. the the switch. The to its closed and that the correctly beneath the and fitted).
to Sections of this and the selections to the operation and If fitted, that the and correctly. Release the catch the cover and the cover from the the with correctly. the through its of selections to that each correctly Follow the instructions the switch located the Service the and the that the and The Unit Where the the the to the as shown the photograph. the to the bottle. the the the that the supply or The heavy. follow the when heavy the bottle with the Turn the supply from the bottle and that the of PSI. the the the with to from the overflow covers and the Switch the the switch located the supply. the the right-hand of the and the the that the
to the displayed the selection the selections ready the the switch. The ON. the the service The LCD the N.B. that the and the To and the selection the appears from the head. and holding the selection Press the to the to Empty the and to the the to of and that the and the and the The to N.B. If that the and to seconds (recommended). Press and
Section To with or interface. Both selection allow the to to their and strength. Selecting selections the the which to the selections displayed the to fresh coffee selection from fresh ground beans with and white from to the followed the The LCD the selected. The Normal and buttons incorporated the allow further options to the preference. N.B. If option selected within seconds of the selection, the Normal selection. the their the from the the and the selection the Whilst this operation the LCD the shown Selecting selections the selection the and then the selection buttons and the LCD to the and to the customers preference. selection buttons indicating that the to selected. At this the and buttons The following to Tea selection from freshbrew to Coffee Product
Press selection Freshbrew Tea the of the other selections buttons extinguished, the and light and the from The LCD the as shown N.B. The this selection Normal as shown. To or to the selection Pressing once to the selection. Pressing the to the selection. Credit AM Pressing the selection to the Normal If and/or required, to the the each selection. the the LCD and displays the as shown If the the third the selection. Credit Credit Pressing the to the selection. If the to the The LCD and displays the shown Freshbrew Tea (Press strength) Normal (Press Freshbrew Tea AM Press to Press to Freshbrew Tea (Press strength) Normal (Press Credit AM Freshbrew Tea (Press strength) Normal (Press AM Freshbrew Tea AM Tea Freshbrew Tea Credit AM AM
If the the third the selection. Freshbrew Tea AM Pressing the to the selection. Once the selected, the the buttons extinguished from the selection which flashes that the the their the from the the and the selection the Whilst this the LCD the shown the the LCD the Thank You and the once. The the to Please The then from the and the to selections allow the option to selected or the the selection of the other selection buttons extinguished, the and START buttons light and the LCD the The the START to the or first the to to their as Other choices allow the option or to selected. the the selection button, of the other selection extinguished, the START buttons light and the LCD the The the START and the the as Press to Tea Credit AM Serving AM Press PM Chocolate Press AM Credit
Selecting Cold Selections with or allowing and to or both and The following to from with Press the selection the the of the other selection buttons extinguished, the START light and the from The LCD the as shown N.B. The selections as shown. To the selection button. Pressing the back to the Once the selected, the START the The selection indicating that the the their own the from the the and the selection the Whilst this the LCD the Serving the the LCD the Thank You and the once. The the to Please The then from the and the to Cold (Press Credit
Replacing/Updating Selection Decals selection and mounted the graphic which cover. To or as follows: the front of the the graphic cover with right hand, and the three screws from the of the which the graphic cover the graphic cover and graphic from the the graphic clean, pricing: the previous from the selection the where These as from the selections and pricing: selection and to graphic These as from the the selection from their and apply to the graphic the as shown (photo). that selections and to choices the software. Apply as the graphic, cover and graphic to the that the cover correctly located the the with the three screws. the front and that the to
selection and mounted which cover. To or as follows: the front of the Release the catch the cover and the cover to its the board cover. the screws the which the cover and the of the to the photograph, the to release the cover. the cover and from the the clean, pricing: the from the selection the where These as from the selections and pricing: selection and to These as from the the selection from their PR10233000 PR10918000) and apply to the using the as shown that selections to choices the software. Apply as the the cover and assembly to the cover locating correctly located the the board cover and the screws to the that the catch correctly. the front and that the to
Section Cleaning The of the the cleaned following the outlined. carrying the cleaning the following recommended that the following to hand: Cleaning Cloths Cleaning This or which should clean with the instructions the The should cleaning and the cleaning operation. This or which should with the instructions the The heavily or such as and trays. Items or cleaned with this to of the cleaning Units Merchandising recommends that cleaning the to freshbrew The with the instructions the following health and cleaning the outlined of this Cleaning Units that the cleaning with the exclusively cleaning the to These from of ZC10598000. cleaning the outlined of this
It to the cleaning and outlined the following the of the or the of the the Cleaning Procedure cleaning with and the with the instructions the the of the to upright the canisters. DO NOT them the With clean, cloth, the of the canisters, to the around the outlets. outlets thoroughly cleaning. and and the from the the the the and thoroughly the the with and thoroughly to the the from the the the Clean the and to the the and the of the with clean, cloth.
the whipper anti-clockwise releases. and the whipper off of the Clean of the including the and thoroughly the with and thoroughly to the whipper base. the whipper the with the arrow with the fixing screw as shown. the whipper clockwise with the first locking O correctly located as shown. the to that the the moulding with the the to whipper base. the whipper clockwise and to the to the to their the the and and the the located the with the from the and the this operation soluble/freshbrew to the the to their operating that the to operating stations. Empty and the canisters. thoroughly, and
If the fresh coffee beans the outlet to the the from the the To the the of the the provided. DO NOT the the with fresh coffee beans. the to the to the that the outlet to operation. N.B. To quality, that the bean replenished the from the Empty and clean. If fitted, the the and necessary. Clean the base, and back of the the the that the and located correctly the the and the throat moulding with Clean throat and the both with clean and thoroughly. Reassemble to the the the and to as shown. and the assembly of its mounting the and thoroughly and where necessary, using the
the of the and the around the clean, cloth. the that the from the throat moulding located correctly the of the the of the the and where necessary, with Release the catch the and the from the the and the with the the type of catcher to the Allow the to the directly from the DO NOT touch the with the directly the Allow the to to the when the the the If loaded, each of first inspected to the used. the and the assembly back to its operating that the Release the catch and the cover. the with cloth. Un-lock the fitted) located the of the and from the as shown. from the the to the turning the to the and required.
the with the the switch. The the service located the of the (photo), as follows: Press the switch and that correctly from the Press the Head switch to that the head operates correctly and that the correctly. the head and the switch The the that of the stations tight. Empty the of the the head. Press the switch and the selection the front of the to that the operates correctly. Press the X to from the Press the Counters switch and the information displayed the LCD the and the Clean and the of the Freshbrew Cleaning Procedure At least the type from freshbrew and cleaned. or service the while motion as become the the front of the and the paper/waste Switch the the switch Press and the switch located the service the of the to the to its the reaches its the to switch off the Tear the the the from the
the from the head. the release and the and clear of its locating bracket.Thoroughly clean the of the With the the surrounding its locating to and the outlet to the head. Switch the to the the The chamber to its closed to the instructions with the the recommended amount of directly the top of the chamber. the using the Clean switch following the outlined Press and the switch to the to its the to switch off the to the the through the feed Switch the to the the and the chamber to its the the and its Clean and the and the N.B. Every that the the counter to the the and the service that the counter to Unit Cleaning Procedure Switch the the switch Press and the switch located the service the rear of the the chamber reaches its the switch to switch off the to the the the outlet from the and coffee chambers. the and the chambers/wipe assembly.
Clean the chambers/wipe assembly the with and thoroughly. the chambers/wipe assembly the IMPORTANT: The located the as shown the outlet to the coffee and chambers. the supplied, the outlet as shown. Switch the the switch The chamber to its closed that the the recommended amount of directly the top of both chambers. the from Press the Clean switch located the service the of the The through the four If the instruction of cleaning from the chambers. the switch and the the the from the Empty the contents.Wash the thoroughly and where using the cloth and the
N.B. Every that the the counter to the using the and the service that the counter to and the Unit Cleaning Procedure the coffee from the the as shown the photograph, the and the of the cleaning with and the cleaning with the instructions the the the and the thoroughly. coffee ground to the around the top of the and the from the and thoroughly with the clean cloth or towels. the coffee assembly Unscrew the thumbscrews and the coffee and coffee cover. With clean, the around and the coffee outlets. With clean, coffee from both the coffee and mouldings. the coffee to the that the the cover securely their mounting the assembly to the and using the thumbscrews.
the from the and the and the from the both the and thoroughly and using the cleaning clean both clean, cloth and to the N.B. Every that the the counter to the the and the service that the counter to the the the clicks the coffee to the outlet as shown. that both the fresh bean and fresh ground coffee with following the outlined and Unit Cleaning Procedure The following Proceed as follows:- the front of the and the to to the that the from the whilst the cleaning operation. Press and release the service The LCD the Please Cleaning cleaning of CMS ZC10598000) and the chamber as shown.
Press the START/? the selection to the cleaning The cleaning and of through the head. The LCD the Cleaning Progress throughout the cleaning clear of the the cleaning the cleaning the LCD the Cleaning Press the the selection to the to the from the the and the front Tea Cleaning Procedure The following Proceed as follows:- or service the while motion as become trapped the the outlet from the head and the mounting from the the assembly its Clean of the assembly and mounting the Follow the instructions cleaning the with and thoroughly. the screw the Press the and the from the as shown.
the its as shown. Clean outlet and using the Follow the instructions cleaning the thoroughly, and to the screw. bowl/mounting assembly to the the to the head the CO2 Where with the to and necessary, the CO2 bottle. This that The CO2 bottle with of and upright and from of heat. the of the the of the bottle to of and the and the from the bottle. Turn off the supply from the bottle. Following the of the the the supplied. the from the bottle. that the seated correctly as shown. If the from the the to the bottle and tighten the the the that the supply or the bottle using the Turn the from the bottle and that the of the to to the and the to that the correctly.
Section Service Functions with service mounted the of the (photo). This the and allows the to cleaning and N.B. operations Counters the to the selection and LCD mounted the front of the to Please to Section of selection and the the switch and the switched the service allows the to the following Switch Entry This switch allows the to the (Section Switch (Freshbrew This switch operates the to freshbrew and allows the to the type or the chambers/wipe assembly of cleaning Switch The operates and the bowls. the the the the the the thermistor. to the highest of cleanliness, the that the the the to micro-organisms. and the whipper switched Once the the to ready to To the the front of the and the that the from the whilst the flushing
operation. Press and release the switch The Empty the when Switch Clean (Freshbrew The switch allows the to cleaned to the highest of cleanliness, the that the the to micro-organisms. The with and then operated through four Once the cleaning the and when the the the to ready to To the the front of the the supplied, the as shown. the that the from the whilst the cleaning operation. the recommended amount of directly the top of both chambers. the from the Press and release the switch The and the LCD the as shown. of the cleaning from the chambers. Empty the when Switch Counters The Counters switch allows the to the Entry this allows the to and relating to and of and assisted information. The and which
allows the to the from the memory. relating to this and its found Switch The switch allows the to from the to cleaning or the switch and released the LCD the as shown Press selection the START/? to the that the selection correct, the and importantly, Press the the selection to from the and to stand-by Switch This switch allows the to the of the the the switch the operated and from the This function that the correctly. Switch Head this switch pressed, the head to its and Press the switch to the head to its (homed) Switch this switch pressed, the measured amount of through the heating as This that heated immediately when selected. This switch should to the the or of Switch Cool This switch allows to the and should the
Switch Clean This switch when pressed, initiates the CoEx cleaning recommends that this cleaning should Switch Counter IMPORTANT: Every that the the counter Press the service that the counter to Switch (Still/Carbonated This switch allows the to the selections of this operation, please
Section Selection the selection and allows the to and within the memory. with selection (below, or (below, right) Both below. the as follows: Used text and Normal or incrementing or incrementing Used to and the highlighted and to to memory Press to to the START/? Press to or clear or C Normal MILK SUGAR
The of interactive The LCD to the easy and It to information and to the type of updated. The top of the the title. Selected items highlighted white. Press the or the selection to highlight Press the to the this the the the The of the often information. the the selected the shown the showing that the Discount This useful to and that correctly. To to the from the reach the Accessing the the front of the and the to to the The Press the Entry the service located the The LCD the as shown the the selection N.B. The factory the You issued with High/Low
Press the the the correctly, the LCD the as shown Press the to the or to the to The LCD the front of the the top screen The first highlighted indicating that selected. To to the or the selection the highlighted. N.B. In/Out displayed with MDB With the highlighted, the to the as the LCD the as shown the or the and the to easily through of the within the To the of the using the selection Once the the to overwrite the and the the memory. Pressing the back to the functions that the chooses or within These the of or buttons. The shows the of the which allows the to choose of the which function Product In/Out Press EDIT to Select Security
the or through the highlighted as shown. Pressing the the indicated appearing its selected. Pressing the back to the previous and the to the memory. N.B. Pressing the START/? the selection or clear The shows the State the which the to of the options shown. the or to the option followed the to (indicated the the follows the as actions the following section.
Section To the the as section Once the the LCD the front of the the top N.B. In/Out displayed with MDB the or and the selection the and easily through the as Section Entry this allows the to and relating to and of and assisted information. The and which allows the to the from the memory. Non This allows the to and and This and the service of the the From the highlight Non and the The LCD the as shown From this the the (highlighted), Product, with relating to Cash, Cashless and To the the the selection This displays both the amount and counts the following the the of This includes and surcharge Product In/Out Press EDIT to Select Security Non Press EDIT to Select Non Product Cashless Press EDIT to Select
Discount- the of discounts Discount-# the of the of the of the of surcharges the of surcharge the of free the of N.B. the Association (EVA DTS). through the the or the front and the the the selection to to the Non The and Press the the selection to highlight Product the Non Press the the to the Product This of the selections from the the or the selection to through the the selection highlighted. Press the the to the highlighted selection The LCD the as shown This displays both the amount and count as N.B. Product the the selection as shown. The then through the the or the selection and the
the the selection to the to the The then selections the and further the Non relating to Cash, Cashless and To the to the repeatedly the LCD displays the This to that from the Non once and recorded, from this cleared from the memory. From the highlight and the The LCD the as shown and allow the to as Additionally the allows the to the Clear To the the the selection This displays both the amount and count the cleared) the shown. N.B. Please of these through the displayed using the and the front and the the the selection to to the The and and the Product and and relating to Cash, Cashless and their Product Cashless Press EDIT to Select Clear
Once the and recorded information from these the the Clear From the highlight the Clear using the and the The LCD the front of the the as shown warning the that Either the to clear the or the to the without clearing the From the and highlight then the The LCD the as shown From this the then and information relating to the four as shown. To the the The displays of the when to the disconnected of and Press the to to the Press the to highlight Clear, and Clock Information these displayed the of the From the and highlight then the The LCD the as shown From this the and then and type information relating to the PCB and MDB to the N.B. Coin and Card only displayed MDB to the Clear to to CANCEL EXIT OK EDIT Clear Clock PCB Coin Card
This becomes when the Product From the and highlight then the The LCD the as shown From this the and the of that and the of assisted Once the and recorded the cleared the Clear as previously. This displays the of that the without Once the and recorded the cleared the Clear as previously. This displays the that extracted from the when connected and the which to to the to the Should within the the LCD and the become the and the the clear the and the back service. the easily the and the services of the text displayed the to and easily and the reducing SV Assisted-# Clear Press Product
Entry this allows the to each selection selections and to who their The which allows the to the highest and lowest the memory. N.B. this to with Prices: This allows the to each selection from the With highlighted as shown the to the this selections from the with the the highlighted selection. The shown Coffee selection with currently To the of the highlighted selection, the The LCD and the as shown. To the increase to the the the selection Press the to to the and that the the the of the the or to highlight further This allows the to selections from the highlighted from within the the LCD the with the as shown. Coffee Coffee Tea Coffee to when Finished Discount High/Low
Press the to the To the of the using the the selection Press the to to the and that the displays the the of the If selections to the this to the to this then the to selections. the previously Discount: This allows the to selections who their their the and selects the the and the The Discount then subtracted from the of the selected and the change/credit to the N.B. It to that the to the the lowest from the the the to the Highlight the Discount from within the The LCD the with the as shown. Press the to the Discount To the the the selection The LCD and the as shown. Press the to to the and that the displays the the of the High/Low This allows the to the highest and lowest force, the to when Finished High/Low to when Finished
N.B. If currently force, this both Product Entry this allows the to selections and or off. the Product the LCD the as shown. This displays the the and information only. Selections: This allows the to or selections necessary. With Selections highlighted, the to the the the LCD the as shown. the or through the the selection highlighted. Pressing the the indicated appearing its If selections Pressing the back to the Product and the to the memory. N.B. Pressing the START/? the selection empty, selections or clear previously On to the selection light extinguished to selections that indicating to the that the choice with to the or option the selections as previously and the the option highlighted. Pressing the the option, indicated appearing the To completely the selection both the and boxes. Product Selections QBAU21 Selections Coffee Coffee Tea or Clear Selections Cold Water Cold Cold Cold Cold or Clear
With the option Cold to the light its selection indicating that the selection the selection as shown. Entry this allows the to the or off. that the money collected or The beam of light the that as from the or his the The software the the that the operated and three seconds If the software then to and necessary, third three the temporarily of service. The once and the LCD the to Customers their money back the or their The LCD and the of Please The service from the To clear the and to the and the START/? to clear each displayed. and necessary, clear the and operation leaving the To as follows: From the Product highlight and the factory to On as indicated the the of the Cold (Press Credit Press or Card Credit On
To the to the On/Off the to (indicated the Press the to the selection and to the that the the of the displays when highlighted. Pressing the back to the Product and the to the memory. In/Out N.B. In/Out displayed with MDB The In/Out the from the front and allows the to information relating to the and from the without the From the the to through the In/Out highlighted. Press the to the which to the shown. From this the the the the of each and the of the To from the the the the coin. The count reduce to and the to This allows the to information to the and its location, the and and DTS information, and software, the and I/O software the and and N.B. Custom this In/Out Press Coin Count Information Clock DTS Backup/Restore Software Press EDIT to Select I/O Software Units Custom
Information: This allows the to the the and its location. From the highlight Information and the The LCD the as shown To the ID the the to to the Information If the then to highlight then the Location the Clock: The displays the or hour to the the Clock highlighted. Press the to the Clock This allows the to the and N.B. The and (when highlighted) the memory the the of the Press the to the The displayed month, To the the the the selection N.B. The text Press to displayed the the of the with the text Press To Pressing the START/? the selection allows the to displayed month, year Pressing the back to the Clock and the to the memory. Confirm that the the of the displays the when highlighted. From the Clock the to highlight the the The LCD the as shown the displayed hour To of PM the the selection Information ID Location Press EDIT to Select Press to AM Press to
the the the AM appear within and the text the of the LCD Press To Select Press the or PM appears the Pressing the back to the Clock and the to the memory. Confirm that the the of the displays the when highlighted. N.B. to hour the only allow the to the or the first field. Once the the or to hour the the first to PM hour Daylight From the Clock the to highlight the Daylight the The LCD the as shown daylight to To choose of the options, the or selected (indicated the button) followed the that the the the of the Press the to to the DTS: Entry this allows the to the to relating to and the memory to or other (EVA-DTS) The to information from to PC-based accounting/management and/or the It that of and to the because this the that his and of the DTS and highlight DTS from the Press the to the The LCD the as shown. The first DTS highlighted with its (DDCMP) shown the PM Press To Select Daylight North American US Australian DTS DTS DTS CA304 DDCMP Rate
The factory to the DDCMP To this to the DEX the to the and the to DEX (indicated the Press the to the selection. N.B. the to DDCMP, once the DEX activity, switch to the other the to the The from the DEX the DEX (J36) the I/O board, located the of the DTS From this the which from the to DEX/DDCMP and highlight DTS Press the to the The LCD the as shown. and within assigned the From this the choose to allow to the START/? or through the and to the CA304 This whether the the as currency or that the of pound the when to currency CA304 the DEX/DDCMP to This field to AUTO or SAVE from within the to AUTO, read. This field to AUTO or SAVE from within the to AUTO, read. This allows the to the to used. It this to correctly to Backup/Restore: This allows the to manually information the memory to the board. DTS ID ID ID ID ID or Clear
N.B. It the to as security the information memory. This that the easily to its should the information through or and highlight Backup/Restore from the Press the to the If this the first that selected the LCD the as shown. Press the to the The LCD the as shown. To the memory the seconds the once and the the to ready to the Backup/Restore of the memory the information and the with the as shown. The first highlighted with the and this occurred the of the To the memory to the using the highlight and the to the The LCD the as shown. Press the to the backed seconds the once and the displayed the to ready to Software The Software displays the of the software and information only. The displays the and I/O Software: This displays the of the I/O board software and information only. Backup/Restore Press EDIT to Select to NVM CANCEL EXIT OK EDIT Backup/Restore to the from the CANCEL EXIT OK EDIT
Units: This allows the to the that the displayed, C or F, the LCD when the the or to the option the to (indicated the This allows the to the LCD that displays the or the and with the when To the options, as follows: From the the to highlight and the to the Press the to highlight the option, and (indicated the The LCD the as shown Press the to to the With highlighted, that the confirms the option to and Press the the the The LCD the with the and as shown. Security The security the factory that the the service the the selection On account should this without first or of From this the inhibited free and The following the the to free selections and Units C) F) and Please Selection 90C
From the the highlighted then the to the of The LCD the as shown. N.B. Although shown as the to as the first (or Discounted Press the to the The LCD the as shown. the State to as indicated the the of the Press the to the State the the to On (indicated the Press the to to the that the confirms the State to On. Press the to highlight and the to the the the to (indicated the Press the to to the that the confirms the to Press the to highlight and the From this the the which the free Press the using the selection to the If the or AM appears the Press the to to the that the displayed the the of the State State On Discount AM Press To Select
Press the to highlight Stop and the From this the the which the Press the the selection to the If the or PM appears the Press the to to the that the the the of the Press the to highlight and the The the which the to the the first highlighted with Pressing the the indicated appearing its the and the highlight and of the that the the to to the Press the to highlight Selections and the The the selections that the free to the the Freshbrew Coffee selection highlighted with Pressing the the indicated appearing its the and the highlight and additional selections that the Items To the the START/? to boxes, then the and highlight the and the to the from the Press the three to to the the the and easily free and and/or required. Stop PM Press To Select of Thursday or Clear Selections Coffee Coffee Tea Chocolate or Clear
the to the discount. Follow the as previously to and the and of the that the The Discount to as The LCD to the shown With highlighted, the to the Discount To the the using the the selection Press the to to the and that the displays the N.B. with please that the Press the three to to the This allows the to when the through the the and The From the the highlighted then the Once the the to highlight then the The LCD the as shown. The following the to the everyday. To the first the to the The LCD and the as shown. the State to as indicated the the of the Discount Discount to when Finished State
Press the to the State the the to On (indicated the button). Press the to to the (Timed) that the confirms the State to On. Press the to highlight the to as indicated the text the the of the Therefore the to this Press the to highlight and the From this the the which the the the selection the to the If the or AM appears the Press the to to the (Timed) that the displayed the the of the Press the to highlight and the From this the the which the To the START/? the selection The indicating that each selected. N.B. To through the the or the highlighted. Press the to the indicated appearing its Press the three to to the the the and easily the It the to to The following the to the each State On State AM Press To Select of Thursday or Clear
From the the highlighted then the Once the the to highlight then the Press the the first highlighted. The LCD the as shown. With highlighted, the to the The LCD and the as shown. the State to as indicated the the of the Press the to the State the the to On (indicated the Press the to to the that the confirms the State to On. Press the to highlight the to as indicated the text displayed the the of the Therefore the to this Press the to highlight The the factory which to To the that the the to the The LCD the as shown. the selection the to the Press the and that the confirms that (when highlighted) to Press the three to to the the the and easily the required. State State On State to when Finished
N.B. or the If the reaches its the Service. This allows the to the to of user and its memory. The From the the highlighted then the Once the the to highlight then the The LCD the as shown. Press the to the The LCD and the as shown. the State to as indicated the the of the Press the to the State the the to On (indicated the button). Press the and that the confirms the State to On. Press the to highlight and the the selection the which the the If the or AM appears the Press the and that the displayed the the of the Press the to highlight and the From this the the which the To the START/? the selection The State State On AM Press To Select of Thursday or Clear
every indicating that each selected. N.B. To through the the or the highlighted. Press the to the indicated appearing its
Section Canister I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Technical Water
Canister I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Technical Water
Freshbrew I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Water
Freshbrew I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Water
Freshbrew I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Water
I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Water
Option I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. I.D. O.D. Water Water
Section The below the that and, where offers the them. Should the the or the the of trained service DO NOT ATTEMPT TO CURE THE FAULT YOURSELF. with Please and type of Sorry of Service with Switch off the and Please or the or to the the Sorry of Service Switch off the IO Comm and Sorry of Service Switch off the Not to its and Sorry of Service Switch off the and Sorry of Service head Switch off the Head Not to its and Sorry of Service head Switch off the Head Not to its and Sorry of Service The Switch off the Monetary connected or and incorrectly Sorry of Service The Switch off the or and Switch off the Please with the and Sorry of Service The the Water to with Sorry of Service The that the supply Timeout to with to the connected and turned Sorry of Service The heating to the the to heat Water Heating operating and
Sorry Service The Empty, and the Sorry of Service the and to Sorry of Service beans and/or bean with of Coffee freshbrew fresh and/or coffee with freshbrew coffee the of the the below to with that easily the Should the below the or the listed, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO CURE THE FAULT YOURSELF. overflowing incorrectly located the correctly Incorrect their located incorrectly from Mixing O correctly and incorrectly that stations tight LCD Electricity supply electricity supply turned off turned the Incorrect from and with from Coin Clear and (where fitted) indicated Water supply turned off supply LCD turned Carbonated CO2 bottle and Bean shut-off closed shut-off Coin or and below where
Incorrect and chambers chambers coffee/tea incorrectly cleaning that freshbrew only) located correctly. LCD shows Selection Not counter reached Empty and and of counter. coffee based through freshbrew (Freshbrew B2C or Should the switch off the supply the and to switch off the electricity supply. further to the yourself. Section Decommisioning The Should the to treatment required. The should thoroughly cleaned the closed and to each type to and to freshen the If the to or and thoroughly the electricity and The should upright the of the and incorrectly that correctly fouling DO NOT REMOVE
Notes
Chippenham,Wiltshire SN14 6NQ www.cranems.co.uk