8505XL
CONTRIBUTORS and Cheri Edited Christina Cary Production Roy Hughes, and and Copyright Graphics, Inc. Rights This and information of Graphics, Inc. The of this to third copied, or whole or without the written of Graphics, Inc. RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND or of the technical contained this the Government to as forth of the Rights Technical and Software DFARS and/or or the FAR, or the DOD or NASA FAR Unpublished rights the Copyright of the United States. Graphics, Inc., N. Shoreline CA IRIX and Graphics and CHALLENGE and Onyx of Graphics Corporation. EXATAPE of of Corporation. 8505XL
of of About This Typographical Products that the 8505XL Ensuring ESD Protection Unpacking the and the Checking the the the SCSI ID the Terminating the SCSI the Turning On to the Software Testing
the Reading the Selecting Cartridges Write-Protecting Cartridge Loading Cartridge Unloading Cartridge the Preventive Recommended Cleaning Cartridges to Clean the the Cleaning Cartridge Cartridges Cartridges Troubleshooting With With A. Specications
of Removing/Installing the From/On the the SCSI ID Shown) the the the Switch Loading Cartridge 8505XL
of Table and LED States and 8505XL Capacity Table A-1 Specifications
About This This and the 8505XL The 8505XL and of the existing Graphics and that front-loading of products that currently the 8505XL Products that the 8505XL This as follows: Chapter Installation to the and the installation. Chapter the shows to the and or Preventive and when to the Chapter Troubleshooting Specications the physical, and performance specications the 8505XL.
About This Typographical These type and throughout this Italics IRIX of publications, and displays (including type type input. (Parentheses) Following IRIX commands, they surround the reference section where the Surround optional IRIX the
Products that the 8505XL Chapter This chapter information the following the the software testing To the properly, follow of the instructions this chapter. You the the of each section to of the to The this SCSI the SCSI The 8505XL currently the following Graphics and CHALLENGE and POWER CHALLENGE XL (rackmount) and Onyx and POWER Onyx rackmount and CHALLENGE XL CHALLENGE CHALLENGE The 8505XL IRIX or software. If IRIX software required.
Chapter Installation To follow the this chapter. ESD protection Ensuring ESD Protection Unpack the and the Unpacking the and the the Checking the Accessories Ensuring ESD Protection If internal follow these to the from (ESD): ground to wrist when connecting/disconnecting the the from the and the chassis servicing or You the ground and the as that and that this ground to from ESD. the its ready to the internal from its and directly the without If the top of the or If and grounded protection wristband. If and wristband known grounded (such as chassis) to electricity from the electricity to around the and the the top of the or
the the and the the from its the to the The the from shock, and (ESD). Checking the The 8505XL includes the following items: XL cleaning SCSI ID software CD the following the SCSI ID. the the software installation. the SCSI ID attached to SCSI or SCSI ID This SCSI ID, which from through allows the to with the attached to the the
Chapter the SCSI ID, the SCSI IDs of the other SCSI currently attached to or CD-ROM SCSI ID the and used. The shipped with the SCSI ID to If the existing SCSI and another assigned to that ID, the ID. Follow these to the SCSI ID of the 8505XL: The 8505XL SCSI located the back of the and covered the To the SCSI ID, the 8505XL from the
the four screws that the to the of the mounting and them Removing/Installing the From/On the the and from the 8505XL and then the the SCSI ID the back of the the SCSI
Chapter the SCSI ID Shown) of the the the to the shipped the to SCSI ID allow to the the SCSI ID, the back the the and SCSI ID
the four screws that the of the to the Conguring the The 8505XL assembly houses SCSI board. You that the assembly to operation. and procedures to the of and while they off the front-loading (FLD). to when or FLD. To the board the following: the the SCSI A; B. the to both H1 and H2 the board to the SCSI operation, of which the the
Chapter SCSI the should to SCSI ID each SCSI SCSI (ID). The SCSI function properly than the SCSI ID. Terminating the SCSI The internal SCSI rackmount or and that front-loading or without affecting the termination. termination required. the The properly mounted and and operating as Conguring the Operation H1 H2
Follow these instructions to half-height front-loading Follow these instructions to the the FLD and assembly that the the back the of the and from the the the catch and the locking the to the right. Follow these instructions to the the FLD to the that the facing the right and the the with the the the FLD the the locking and the locking the to the the to that the
Chapter to the
the the
Chapter Turning On to the to the 8505XL, the following: three of the light. The the the top and off; the LED off or irregularly. the the The If the top LED the self-test, occurred. service further Software The 8505XL IRIX or software operation. If IRIX 8505XL software from CD installed. If IRIX or software, software required. the software release further information software. Testing and software required), the and operation to that software and properly operation. If this the the or the months or and of the following least or hours (whichever To the follow these
that information and that its write-protect switch to write-enable Gently the as shown the the the Switch REC SAVE the REC SAVE
Chapter Loading Cartridge while the the the and the to the of the (LBOT). This about seconds. the LED the ready.
to write amount of to the IRIX as required). the and the written and to the This whether the software and functioning properly. If Table and Corrective action The the following: and write The or You to the service yourself. the using the type of Selecting Cartridges the write software correctly and congured? Press the and the through Checking the Accessories using If the to Chapter
Chapter
Reading the Chapter the This section includes information about the following: reading the selecting the write-protect switch the and The three to its operating The the following the top LED the or cleaning. the LED or SCSI activity occurring. The LED or as follows: the LED the this LED the or the cleaning. shows of that operation and the that they The the of the or the the LED though off. The the of the or
Chapter the SCSI activity or motion 8505XL You LED and Table These other or that the of this LED States and LED State Top LED LED (SCSI) LED (motion) Self-test On On On Self-test On Flashing (irregularly) Self-test Flashing (fast) Flashing (irregularly) Ready Flashing (irregularly) Ready Flashing On (irregularly) Normal Flashing Flashing (slowly) motion (irregularly) High-speed Flashing Flashing (fast) motion (irregularly) SCSI On Flashing On (irregularly)
Selecting Cartridges Table LED States and LED State Top LED LED (SCSI) LED (motion) Flashing (slowly) Flashing (irregularly) to Flashing (fast) Flashing Flashing (fast) (irregularly) The to distinguish states: ash/second ashes/second of with SCSI activity. If the connected to the the LED off. Graphics recommends that EXATAPE from Corporation. than when recording high-density The to recording heads. The 8505XL and XL Table 8505XL Capacity Cartridge Capacity GB GB GB XL GB Selecting Cartridges
Chapter the Write-Protecting Cartridge Loading Cartridge The EXATAPE XL located the The 8505XL this to distinguish such as EXATAPE, from other To integrity, the 8505XL or that with the the that the write-protect switch the correctly the Chapter You or to the write-protect switch, as shown. To the follow these that the write-protect switch correctly the operation, as Write-Protecting Cartridge If that the and top off, indicating that the its and ready to the Gently the the the the the
Cartridge the The the operating the It to the from the You the to clear If the to the To the The the operation, writes to the the from the path, and the If or the the and the LED To clear the the The reattempted. the written to the The and cleared. Occasionally the that cleared the If this the turning the off, then off the the SCSI To of that other the SCSI inactive and completed operations off the Unloading Cartridge
Chapter the
Recommended Cleaning Cartridges to Clean the Chapter Preventive The the cleaning of the heads and path. and of the of and integrity. Graphics that with the Exabyte cleaning with or this cleaning allows to and of the cleaning or other than the recommended the warranty and possibly to wear of the recording head. You should the heads once month or every motion hours (or operating The of its motion hours internally. motion hours the top and and the LED irregularly, SCSI activity. the as as the Table the LED indicating that the cleaning.
Chapter Preventive the Cleaning Cartridge To the cleaning follow these that the and the Chapter from the the cleaning to there cleaning the supply If there cleaning the cleaning and The 8505XL with cleaning that to cleanings. and the cleaning cleaning redistributes from the path. the cleaning the The cleaning the and from to the cleaning the cleaning and from the If there cleaning the cleaning the without completing the cleaning Conrm that cleaning the the front of the If the cleaning the top and off. If the cleaning the to the cleaning cleaning You to of the cleaning used.
Caring Cartridges To the of and integrity, follow these when or other reference information the to the write-protect switch. On the to include the of and of the their protective when the or the cool, Follow the specications and other allow the and the to the location as free of airborne as To of to eat, or the and near or that toner and as as written to them. Immediate of the that such as and uctuation, and with the write-protect switch the protected Write-Protecting Cartridge each of its its its the the actually its this the and to the reason, top of each other or them of Caring Cartridges
Cartridges Approximately once each to information and the statistics. If increased signicantly the or they threshold, should rearchive the to and the
With Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter that when and operating These the following with with the operation trying the recommended If service the SCSI or the software correctly congured. If and software or software reports the following: that the SCSI that the SCSI ID selected the the as the ID another SCSI the SCSI ID If IRIX that the software the IRIX software already the 8505XL the items listed, the SCSI the To of that other the SCSI inactive and completed operations off the or the
Chapter Troubleshooting With with with If operating software and the reading and writing the following: If writing that the write the of Graphics recommends using EXATAPE Selecting Cartridges selecting XL EXATAPE XL other type of ejected Selecting that the correctly. If the or frequently, whether the cleaning to Clean the
If operating or the following: that turned If the off, the the The Press the to clear the then the If the off then to the SCSI The clearing with information that the the operation. To of that other the SCSI inactive and completed operations off the to the SCSI With Operation
Chapter Troubleshooting
A. Specications Table A-1 shows the specications the 8505XL Table A-1 Specications Specications Interface SCSI-1 and SCSI-2, Capacity This ratio MB/sec Physical Characteristics high These include the assembly. pounds This include the assembly. to C to 104F) Relative (operating) to C F)
A: Specifications Table A-1 (continued) Specications Specications and VDC and VDC Mean hours