Instruction March or Exabyte or Removing the Removing the service the Connecting the (SCSI library) Connecting the library) Testing the and operation
Copyright Copyright Corporation. rights This item and the information the property of Corporation. of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or mechanical, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation, Notices and M2, MammothTape, EZ17 and People You and servicemarks of Corporation. Advanced (AIT) of Inc. other or of their respective owners. Revision History Initial release November 215M information AIT information March M2 information 430M-FC of These instructions to or the following 430M and 215M SCSI with M2 430A and 215A SCSI with AIT 430M-FC with M2 The Mammoth-2 (M2) or AIT The M2 SCSI or interface. The AIT SCSI interface. The SCSI includes SCSI The includes The M2 the 430M-FC only. M2 the 215M. You 430M from SCSI to (430M-FC) from Exabyte. or this
March of or the or the following existing or service cover the Testing the and operation The these instructions the SCSI library. The locations the library. Where necessary, the 430M-FC shown. To installation: screwdriver. that the free of that (ESD). If and grounded protection wristband If and wristband known grounded such as the chassis. If the attached to SCSI the the off. off the the SCSI off the and the cord. with these procedures, that the librarys switch the off and that the from the library. CAUTION WARNING!
the the SCSI Captive screws of If existing follow the below to the If to Section Removing the service cover, From the librarys back the from the back of the to If SCSI that might the SCSI screwdriver to release the screws that the to the library.
Removing the service cover Captive screws March of the the and straight of the library. The about pounds; the of the as Follow these From the back screwdriver to release the screws that the service cover to the library. the screws the cover. the service cover
the the of of and SCSI the library. Mixing interfaces the that the the top and the the as shown the following The should easily the front of the library. Tighten the screws each of the to inch-pounds of CAUTION
Connecting the (SCSI library) March of the 430M, 430A, 215M, and 215A SCSI the SCSI as this section. the 430M-FC library, to Section Connecting the library), To the the off when to the SCSI If the SCSI (or and to the as they If that the SCSI as the other the library, the from the and the Then, the SCSI the to the to the The following of typical and three SCSI the and the library. The the of the If the SCSI ID the as Exabyte 430M and 430A and or Exabyte 215M and 215A and If the the SCSI ID of the Proceed to Section Testing the and operation, CAUTION SCSI Connecting the (SCSI library) SCSI SCSI (to host)
Connecting the library) Connecting the library) of the 430M-FC, the as follows: the protective from the the from the or switch to the the as shown the following You the the or own that the with the GBIC the and the or switch. the to the library, then the library. The the of the
Testing the and operation March of operation, the from the to that the and the correctly. The the to from to including the To the operation the follow these the other the where they The testing without other than the the If necessary, security as follows: Press the [MENU] to the Press the arrow Security appears the as shown below. If security LCD appears this C o Press [ENTER] The following appears. o the and right arrow to the the and arrow to Press [ENTER] Security then the to LCD as follows: Press [MENU] to the then the arrow appears. The shows the currently activated o o o C Testing the and
Testing the and operation of Press [ENTER] informational appears, then the following appears. o o o C the arrow to LCD and [ENTER] The shows the selection. From the [MENU] to the Press the arrow appears, as shown below. o Press [ENTER] The following appears. Press the arrow to Y. Press [ENTER] The following appears. the arrow to the of (the and right arrow the the and arrow the numbers). Then [ENTER] The of recommends that least The the and displays If to abort [ESCAPE] the completed, [STATUS] to to the the to SCSI [MENU] then the arrow appears. o o o C
the each SCSI attached to the LVD? the SCSI terminated? the SCSI connected to the library, and the SCSI IDs the each SCSI the operating the applications, the should to SCSI.) March of Press [ENTER] and the arrow to SCSI Press [ENTER] If the correctly, the following: SCSI If the yourself, service or Exabyte Technical or Testing the and operation the and to the to the the connected to the library, and the or switch? the operating the the should to SCSI.)
Testing the and operation Notes of