Copyright Exabyte Corporation. rights This item and of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, the information the property of Exabyte Corporation. or translated or or mechanical, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation, Copyright Exabyte Corporation representation or with to the of this and specifically warranties of Corporation the right to this publication without obligation of Corporation to or of such or merchantability or Exabyte of Exabyte Corporation. other or of Corporation. Arrowhead, and and of their respective owners. The information about this (www.exabyte.com). Notices Corporation Street and
Initial release October Revision July Revision History and July the Exabyte Mammoth February Initial release Exabyte Mammoth March LVD SCSI information This of and and the following and information about the Exabyte low-voltage (LVD) SCSI information. BSMI information. Rearranged the Revisions to This and
The and comply with the following and international UL Edition, Information Including Agency reasonable protection interference when the This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to operated This and and, and interference which the to the of this to with this instruction interference to interference his CSA C22.2 of Information Including IEC 950/EN60950, of Information including FCC Notice According to FCC or to this that the authority to the this to with FCC shielded when this to others. This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. English toutes French Industry Notice ICES-003 and
This tested and with the following EN 55022/CISPR Class EN Notice of and Inspection (BSMI) This tested and with CNS C6357. Warning! This Class this interference, which the to This tested and with AS/NZS New and
The and warranted to free from and workmanship and to the the of warranty, to or the from which the purchased. Product Warranty The warranty the apply to of when: The repaired other than or with the operating instructions or The physically or that Exabyte. or service other than the factory service The of installation, or its The repaired including that to the or instructions Exabyte. The of CAUTION Returning the unauthorized the and the warranty. If with the the warranty allowing or unauthorized to repairs. and
this to and with library. About this Notes hints or about the topic or discussed. text the This the following this or Information to the heading CAUTION information know to the or or text the heading CAUTION and
information know to text the heading WARNING! injury. information about these the and the these to the following publications. Related publications technical publications the Services section of the Exabyte (www.exabyte.com). and Product Specification and and and Exabyte Exabyte and Exabyte EXB-440 and EXB-480 SCSI Reference and Exabyte Specification Cartridges
Mammoth and Mammoth Product Specification Mammoth SCSI Reference Mammoth Exabyte and Exabyte Product SCSI Reference X3T10/ ANSI Interface-2 1142D ANSI Interface-2 (SCSI-2) Z3.131-1994 and
Notes Exabyte and Exabyte
Congratulations selecting the Exabyte or archiving, and (EXB-440 or EXB-480). and high-end workstations, and and
and while The librarys (CHM) to commands from the to the and write You and through the without the Chapter The following and the features. specifications, to the and Product About the and Both The Exabyte while the to four Mammoth or four Mammoth and operates to (LVD), or high-voltage operates to four SCSI buses. The SCSI The or Mammoth or and (HVD) SCSI The SCSI SCSI buses. and
Welcome options to the and operations. The includes (LCD) and the to If necessary, the LCD Entry/ and The allows to or from the without the
Chapter assembly and The assembly the and to the front of the CHM.
the the and of Each The mounting plates to four the librarys rotating assembly and allow easy The the Exabyte to allows to cleaning or The located directly the The to four of the following Mammoth with SCSI with SCSI Mammoth with SCSI Mammoth with other type of You the library. and
allows to the and of the the or the The purchase the library, each Chapter the faceplates, there SCSI there third as shown below. of the Mammoth and Mammoth SCSI shown). You purchase the the Mammoth Exabyte and
faceplates. If to the with through the cooling, with EMI empty with than four the The and SCSI The (CHM) and the There of to match the SCSI SCSI and SCSI. Cartridge (CHM) of the librarys inventory Cartridge information becomes The high-speed mounted the CHM, reads to the to RAM. The assembly the to and from the to Entry/ assembly and
and the back of the allow to with the and the firmware, and CHM to motion. and
The or SCSI through the cabling the back. Narrow SCSI and attached to to SCSI and connected to to four the SCSI four and the buses). SCSI (the the and the SCSI and
Exabyte Technical To technical Contacting Exabyte World 1-800-EXATAPE To and Scotland: 1-800-EXATAPE Exabyte Service To service If to location, Technical the following numbers: BBS: and Exabyte
This chapter to and the the library, the following Unpack the library. Complete the the to or the and the installation. the Unpack the and
items included the operation, as indicated the below. of these the and the top of the and Chapter specifications other Included with the library. and Included with the library. the front and SCSI and four Included with the (three SCSI (www.exabyte.com) with the library, to purchase them. If to own, specifications. the If these items included of SCSI Included with rack-mount screws and and to the SCSI the the SCSI terminator(s) the or of the If included with own, to and to the library, to purchase them. If to cleaning and cleaning and Exabyte
with the that with than four shipped to the information, SCSI or software information products the and its software with and the You from Exabytes (www.exabyte.com). the You the software the software first, to with the or installation. the library. and
(ESD). electricity from touching known grounded such that the free from that as chassis. the the as follows: Chapter the library. The there inches of readily the flow. If rack-mount library, that and that least four people or people and to the the screwdriver, the screws each the of the library. If library, the the as below. Exabyte and
each back and from the library, as shown the following and
This section instructions the the following as the Chapter If rack-mount the and Unlock and the the the to the SCSI the and the front cleaning the cord. the library. switch the off and that the from the that the or and the and Exabyte
EIA 19-inch If library, to Unlock and the If rack-mount library, follow these instructions to the rack-mount pounds the pounds The rack-mount You least or people and to location the and that the the the lowest with the the the or when of the If counterweight the back of the or to and
EIA 19-inch with this the following: TORX screwdriver with T-25 T-15 to the head screws head screws head screws the accessory the threaded the accessory Exabyte and
the library. Allow to inches to the mounting the where to clearance below the mounting the the To the the If the threaded of the the the following head screws, the T-25 TORX and (four each to the the following and
inches as shown the the the mounting each following both the front and the back. of the to Chapter T-25 TORX screwdriver to the screws to of the the the To the and
the as of the as the following the and the from the the from the front of the the following the and the the mounting the following mounting four or people and the each of the fits the the securely the and
Press the and the of the the the screw the front of the head screw the screw each as shown the following Chapter and
the front as shown the following These screws the completely the T-25 TORX screwdriver, the head screws the from of the If the the threaded, each of the with the screw the front of the library, as shown the following the each of the front and
To the the from accessory the and turn to the right, as shown the following the Unlock and the Chapter and Exabyte
the from the as shown the following the and
Exabyte Mammoth write and AME and read, write, MP write and advanced (AME) and (MP). of Cartridges MP AME and Chapter of and software Exabyte recommends the library. If AME and MP that AME and MP software performance. The tested to specifications Exabyte to the the factory. and
Affix to each positioning the as shown the following the recessed the the correctly. To and information to to the the thoroughly. If from the which without the to to the and Operation
the write-protect switches the appropriately, as shown the following You write-protect switch. If the write-protect switch or to the red, the write-protected. Chapter and
To the CHM, reach through the and If necessary, the (CHM) the of the CHM, to the of the as shown the following the mounting the Installation and the the the
the first from the top and then the CAUTION the its with the mounting the right, as shown the following each that the top and the write-protect switch the front, as shown the following the CHM and cabling of the or the Exabyte and Exabyte
force to If easily or further than the the of the the the and
and Exabyte full-high Exabyte the Chapter other mounting the with the mounting plate and The four mounting plates of the or the the CHM and its cabling CAUTION To If necessary, manually the to the mounting where to the On the mounting the the top of the Exabyte and
the that the with the the mounting as shown the following the cover from the and the of the first, then the the top. and Operation
the operation, the Cartridge and Cartridge options the The following to manually cleaning the To this and the as cleaning If using Mammoth with Mammoth). Exabyte Mammoth Cleaning Cartridge (or cleaning If using the Exabyte Cleaning Cartridge (or cleaning with The Mammoth other cleaning and the Mammoth Cleaning Cartridges. cleaning or cleaning or cleaning only. cloth the warranty. CAUTION Exabyte and
If to the using the Clean the LCD, cleaning the the the the that the showing the to the top the following To cleaning the and
the and the to the the and and the front Chapter This section the through the cabling the back of the to the SCSI The SCSI the and library. with the library; the instructions with to SCSI to with the CISPR Class If necessary, the the SCSI with and the If Exabyte or the to the SCSI the information. the and peripheral off. the and off when To the the to the SCSI CAUTION and
the SCSI (that SCSI to the and which to which If with SCSI first that and (LVD) SCSI to the SCSI Mixing the of the operating as CAUTION or the attached to LVD to HVD SCSI the and
Narrow SCSI and to four SCSI The and and the SCSI through Connecting the to the SCSI Chapter the to the SCSI the assignments shown the following To the to the SCSI SCSI as to the to the other the SCSI and Exabyte
that to If than the the the and the they the the each that terminates the the or that the following section of SCSI connected to buses. of the of the and
and the and to terminated with On SCSI A, the to the and the Narrow SCSI Chapter On SCSI B, to and to to the other B. and other SCSI SCSI SCSI and Exabyte
to SCSI four and the SCSI and to buses). Connecting the SCSI to the SCSI the to the SCSI using the assignments shown the following To the to the SCSI SCSI as to the to the other the SCSI and
If than the the the each that terminates the the or that the following section of the of the of SCSI connected to Chapter the to and to terminated with On SCSI A, the to the library, and the SCSI On SCSI B, to and to to the other B. other Exabyte and Exabyte SCSI SCSI SCSI
to another input or to the of the U.S. or the United States or If VAC three-conductor The shipped with the supply cord. the that the switch the back of the off (the information, to The selection, to the the of the the the of the to the the back of the library. If that attached peripheral the host, the the host. the librarys closed and locked. the the and Operation the switch the back of the to the
while the its self-test. this the following The LCD and displays the The their self-tests. The its self-test. The cooling to Chapter the switch the the following: pressed?) If the as If the SCSI connected to the and the closed and locked? the turned the SCSI terminated? the correctly? C of and corrective If displayed the LCD service or Technical Support. If the and
the to or the librarys This chapter the options other the the SCSI IDs (required) and Operation
that allows to operations. options, operating statistics, and If the (shown the following The includes LCD and the the LCD the Chapter Exabyte and
The the the following Scrolls the arrow or The arrow to the selection. the which allows to the and the Selects the item to the arrow or to the or or without the arrow or right. On option or off. The first and the the information about the and and the of the with The Screen appears when apply to the library. these information about and the The third and fourth shown below. the To o and The of the Screen o o
third and fourth of the The third If appears the operation to C of the the fourth of the You the and corrective Chapter o C To the from the the (shown below) to LCD options and o C o and
The selections the the following The shown the to the Selections and to the Allows to specify CHM motion Interface Allows to SCSI IDs, security, and other Extend/Retract E/E Allows to the Allows to the and information and information service technicians. Info and
SCSI SCSI Reservations SCSI Info SCSI Statistics Clean Cartridge Cartridge Clean Clean Clean Clean SCSI IDs SCSI Parity Light SCSI Interface LCD Interface Interface E/E Command History Info Information Info Info Inventory to Cartridge Scan CHM E/E Scan Mammoth Security and LCD and
the to and the options library. To the the Access the the The appears: Press the arrow to the Then The appears: o C o C C o C and
SCSI IDs assigned the factory the and section to the and each assigned This them necessary. the SCSI IDs each SCSI ID within each SCSI responsibility to assign SCSI IDs. It SCSI the The and SCSI IDs within SCSI From the SCSI IDs. The following appears: C To or SCSI IDs: The SCSI IDs shown only; the displays instead If of the of SCSI ID. and Exabyte To the SCSI ID the (D4), or the displays the SCSI ID.
Press to the to D3, as shown. Press or the displays the SCSI ID C this the SCSI IDs and the library. If the the SCSI ID field that If or of the IDs, the following appears: the SCSI IDs and the correct, to choices. o Press The the with IDs and to the C o C o and
the following If these The other options and them. the options Chapter the SCSI parity. The specify The SCSI Parity option allows to this option the the the SCSI connected to the SCSI Parity Parity and the command. The to software using SCSI MODE SELECT (LCD or SCSI command) Parity separately. the SCSI reference information. From the the arrow to SCSI Parity. Press and to and off. Press to to the To SCSI parity: Exabyte and
The option the brightness of the LCD. To the From the Contrast. The following appears: o C o C From the the arrow to Light. The Light option the LCD background or off. To the back light: Press and to the then Light Press and to back lighting and off. Press to to the and
Exabyte and Exabyte The option allows to the the library. The appears the Command History and To the Chapter From the The following appears: o Press and to through the selections Month, and and to the Press to and the and Exabyte
The option allows to the that shown the Screen and Command History To the From the The following appears: Press to and the (hours), MM and SS (seconds). and to and to through the selections HH the and
from the of the library. The Security option allows to unauthorized security, the following Security Chapter Communicating with the LCD and the the SCSI the Clean the the the front SCSI IDs active. The whether security from If to of these operations when security the displays that security the or the through SCSI command. You the security option from the LCD the the as this section. The software SCSI MODE SELECT or the EXB-440 and EXB-480 to security and off software SCSI Reference Security and of and security and
SCSI MODE SELECT security the as LCD security, the front security the (SCSI), The to security (LCD or SCSI) to security. That security from the from the If the To security the SCSI Security From the On. The displays the following security from the o If the displays Security the security option already and
to and and to the numbers. (The finished, Select three-digit Press and to from The displays the following Chapter To the to without the o o o o C o From the Security and The displays the following You the security from the to security off. o and
If the Security On, the LCD security function security If software or the EXB-440 and EXB-480 SCSI command. SCSI Reference from to and and to the numbers. To the three-digit and to finished, If the and the what service If the The the firmware the option. The displayed this factory. If to that the the back of the or the appears If the the memory and Operation
From the The following appears: To the Chapter If necessary, the pressing and to each Press and to from to the The following appears: o o Press to or to o C and Exabyte
the of reports to the software. This the and software that offer based the than physically This option useful with The option allows to of the of If software to this option. to software information. the option, specifying the highest that to through to the option to This the the software purchased locations. the numbered highest that library, the would because the highest that The and to the The the the library. and
the closed and locked. To the option: CAUTION Chapter From the and The following appears: to and the option. If this option with the the and the to Then the or to the and to the arrow the the selected the the the option. and
to the highest that the option to the the to the highest that Exabyte If this option to higher than the of physically the and the Press The confirmation. If the correct, and
properly with the Mammoth the to with Mammoth The Mammoth option the to Mammoth off, the to with non-Mammoth Mammoth Chapter If to to Mammoth from Exabyte. From the Mammoth. o To the Mammoth option OFF. If Mammoth ON, Exabyte 8505XL the If or Press and to Mammoth and off. Press to to the Exabyte and to or write
To which interface CHM motion, the to of the following the (LCD Interface, These allow to the with the software (SCSI Interface) or or SCSI Interface LCD Interface to the following section to instructions about the motion of the CHM SCSI commands the SCSI SCSI Interface software the attached to the library. through SCSI Interface the and to the EXB-440 and EXB-480 information about the SCSI commands SCSI Reference. SCSI Interface the software to of the the The software commands to the the motion of the CHM. and
to LCD Interface LCD Interface when to the of You features without the CHM from the the operating LCD Interface the of the CHM from the LCD Interface Chapter the operating or the of the CHM from connected to the librarys or and or motion only. You to the the or to CHM to and Exabyte
the the ready the closed, and If security the the The indicated with From the Interface From the Interface the displays that Interface and to to the the to to the the LCD Interface or of the the software the CHM. and
to that software and the library. (While these the and software, the properly operations.) Checking the Chapter the software to each This whether the software and properly. This whether the the options the to the operating properly. instructions. of to each and the backed This whether the software and properly. C of and corrective If there the LCD service or Exabyte. If the troubleshooting information. Chapter If the and operating as expected If Exabyte and
operations the software. You should to and the operations. Once the and software and This chapter operations that to Selecting and Selecting and the Select the when the the This section to: and Operation
performance. tested to to the the factory. Selecting Chapter of and software the library. If AME and MP that AME and MP software and to than recording heads. CAUTION The following the to with the type of library. Cartridges, of and Advanced (AME) Exabyte Mammoth read, write, MP Exabyte Mammoth Compatible Exabyte and Exabyte of or (MP) XL.
this section, to without the the option to or Extend/Retract E/E through the the option to the Cartridge inventory, which and closing the the to the the to the Cartridge option to the that security the E/ option to the the and or, the PUSH as shown the following From the Extend/Retract E/E. The or the arm, its and
Chapter and
to LCD Interface security the Cartridge option From the Cartridge. The following appears: o From the the or where the located). Press or to the (the of information about arm, and the to the The displays to the following (the Press The CHM the to the o o and Press the PUSH and the the
Press to the arm. Press to to the the Cartridge option From the Cartridge. The displays the following to LCD Interface From the security Press or to the (the of the or which to the information about o Press If the location the displays the following o o o Exabyte and Exabyte
If to the the to YES and The displays the following Operation o If to the the screen to the following (the to NO and The displays to the and the the the with the o Press to to the and
To the of and integrity, follow the below when allow the and the as the Follow the and other to Chapter To of and or that to eat, or the the as free of airborne as toner and from the library. of the them as as that such as and fluctuation, and the protected from airborne the top of each other to the clear cover. With the cover If of with the write-protect switch the (the switch protected Exabyte and
the the lock, and turn to the right, as shown the following the To the and the rotates the assembly to the and CHM to the the of the The its operation, the off to motors. The interlock releases. the or operation. It to the to the inventory the and to and closed. and
the releases, the releasing LCD security or the interlock from force the The software. CAUTION Chapter the CHM and its cabling of the of the If necessary, the CHM to the of the its base. If necessary, manually the assembly to the to the it first from the top, then the and
mounting with the mounting the If the positioning the top. the and turning the to the the closed: The software its inventory. The library Unit to the host. The its self-test. the of the first, then the the top. and
otherwise, the the corrective action the If the and operating to the library. the and the to their tests. the the Chapter when the operation If the operation the self-test. CAUTION To the library, of the following Press the then the (or to the library, the or the SCSI the and the SCSI the the back of the and the information.) the off, then back and Exabyte The library, or the SCSI the host. the both the and self-tests. Then the appears the LCD.
The software the to the processing; however, to and operations. You to the following However, the the or Chapter You the from the information about information about the Ejecting manually Cleaning the and
The following the LED and the they the Chapter self-test. Cleaning Top LED flashing LED off) Condition LED Top and flashing LED flashing) ready to motion loaded, and the LED motion. high-speed motion. LED flashing (top LED off) its The or SCSI activity. LED flashing Condition Mammoth LED ready to motion loaded, and the LED motion. high-speed motion. LED flashing Cleaning required. Top LED Top LED flashing and steady and to You other LED activity flashing, the library.
software cleaning You should whenever the displays cleaning that the function reliably. cleaning the of the LCD or whenever software (Not Cleaning the the cleaning and the cleaning the whenever it cleaning. If this the the cleaning instructions this section. Selecting cleaning If Cleaning Cartridge, or cleaning Exabyte with the Mammoth Cleaning Cartridge or cleaning If Mammoth Exabyte with Mammoth. To cleaning Exabyte cloth cleaning or cleaning cleaning the warranty. CAUTION and
which cleaning the Mammoth the top LED when SCSI activity, cleaning required. the top and the LED flashing.) Cleaning the from the To clean the from the Chapter Mammoth reading MP the top LED and the ejected. AME Exabyte the AME the If the instead cleaning the of cleaning the cleaned and to manually the from the the Cartridge option the to If there cleaning the cleaning the librarys From the Then the to LCD Interface If security and
to the to as below, and Clean Clean from top) Clean (third from top) Clean (top The the cleaning and the when the and the specified. The CHM the cleaning from the the following the front of the Mammoth the top LED should off. the top and should off. If the the cleaning and the If the the cleaning, there Confirm that the cleaning the with the The CHM the from the and the If the the cleaning within to the instructions. and the the to its and security.
to which the of the and the the and To the cleaning when the Cartridge and Cartridge options the instructions.) the cleaning Chapter If using Mammoth Exabyte with Mammoth). Mammoth Cleaning Cartridge (or cleaning cleaning and the The Mammoth other Cleaning Cartridge (or cleaning Exabyte If with the Mammoth Cleaning Cartridge. and
Operation From the information about the including the type of and its The information whenever there information about From the the Info Then the Info The following appears: To information: Press or to the and appears, to the following: Press to to the and Operation
The following the information the the as follows: DRIVE STATUS Chapter the This information and If appears, of the following this DRIVE The from top DRIVE The third from top DRIVE The DRIVE The top firmware 8SC-0793 or to to the library. non-Mammoth non-Mammoth firmware that information.) Exabyte Mammoth the Mammoth option to OFF. Indicates whether this firmware occurred. from the or the empty. the or the unknown. Indicates the of the to the CHM. Accessible The clean. Clean and The to cleaned or the cleaning Not currently used. Warning
The or other occurred the information Occ There currently the There the Loaded the and the the the of this path. The following shows the Mammoth The information Mammoth the currently the the the the path. from the Loading the Empty The the of the currently the the amount of the currently the the motion seconds. the seconds. PO and the of the EPROM. FLASH the of the ROM. BOOT the
Allows to switch to Mammoth LCD information that displayed the LCD. To to the from Mammoth LCD the third of the librarys LCD shows LCD ENTER Mammoth Chapter the the lock, and to the right. If that intervention, to manually: Ejecting manually the interlock releases, the force the The from releasing LCD security or the software. CAUTION The following the location of the the and Mammoth Press the the and
Mammoth and Operation
Notes Exabyte and
Information technical and You technical to of these and The the Info information that troubleshoot about CHM operations and Statistics SCSI reservations, and SCSI This chapter the following information: the of the history Command history information about and Inventory information about the librarys mechanical and
SCSI information through the SCSI To this Info from the then SCSI The following appears: SCSI Chapter o C o C C SCSI The SCSI displays the of operating These to the of these MODE SELECT SENSE command, issued the software. Typically, command. information about the MODE SENSE and the reported the to MODE MODE SELECT commands, to the EXB-440 and EXB-480 SCSI Reference To these SCSI from the SCSI The following appears: C C C Exabyte and C
or temporary the MODE The the currently active. It the SELECT command. each the SCSI shows the and Information The the specified as the MODE SELECT command. specified with MODE SELECT command, this each the library. The the the factory. The below the items the SCSI the The of the first location, which the The of the first (the top The consecutively. The of the (CHM). CHM SCSI Whether the SCSI that connected to the library. the option the the SCSI parity. Parity The of the SCSI phase Retry The of the E/E The of and Operation
about SCSI security, the EXB-440 and EXB-480 SCSI Whether the security SCSI. information Reference. Security Security from the LCD. information, SCSI Chapter to their the this the as the shown which the software using MODE SELECT command. Whether the text displayed each of the four the the LCD SCSI. information, the EXB-440 and EXB-480 SCSI Reference. through and
Information The and its and released through SCSI The SCSI Reservations the or its commands (RESERVE and RELEASE). SCSI reservations You to SCSI reservations operating the through its while through To and to which which host. within library. SCSI reservations: Select SCSI Reservations from the SCSI The Unit Reservation appears. o To the Reservations to the item the Unit Reservation o and To other and To to the SCSI
The information the SCSI Reservations the following The librarys reservation or and the hosts ID, the Reservation Unit Unit reservations Chapter The SCSI ID of the that currently the ID The of There three CHM, and The of the reservations The ID that the This assigned to the when reservation, the ID and ID the reservation If there -NONE-. ID SCSI or of the software information. of this information, information to with the library. information about SCSI to the EXB-440 displayed the SCSI SCSI REQUEST SENSE to the to and EXB-480 SCSI Reference and
Information SCSI from the SCSI The following appears: To the The ID the top of the the SCSI ID of the that the that inactive IDs as as active IDs.) C C To other and To to the SCSI The following the information the or while command. The required. command, or the the to the command. or the as There the command This the the REQUEST SENSE command. The Ready The ready to motion commands. There information to and Bh-Aborted Command The aborted the command. The to recover trying the 6h-Unit The inventory violated.
This the Additional Qualifier, which with the Additional information ASCQ This the which with the Additional Qualifier, information ASC Chapter This the which information about This information only the This the first of the It which the command This information the This the of the This information only the The Statistics selections: information about CHM and information about To statistics: statistics Select Info from the then Statistics. The Statistics appears: o Exabyte and
To the Statistics to the item the Statistics Information o The following the information the Statistics statistics The of the CHM and or The of the CHM to to from the The of the CHM Retry The of the CHM Retry D1 D4 through The of the to The to Scan The of the Scan Retry The of the and retracted. E/E The of the Scans statistics and The of that the The of the from that
The of the that The of the that Scan statistics Chapter The to troubleshoot the of the librarys internal mechanical To Select Info from the then The appears: o o C o o o To the to the item the C and To other and To to the SCSI
Information The following the information the Indicates whether the front or Closed its or The Indicates whether the located its when the Indicates whether the seated the CHM or Seated Indicates whether the front or Indicates whether the its or E/E Indicates whether the its or Indicates whether the or E/E Indicates the of the supply 12V Indicates the of the supply 24V Indicates the of the Indicates the of the supply 12V and
The Command History displays the to through this that occurred the library. You technical history Chapter Command History. The following appears Select the Info from the then slightly To the Command History To the Command History o o o through the and o and
to the History The following the Command History Exabyte and Information Shown history. The (the through The The of this the first. IDX (Index) The the to the librarys clock. The that this From MOVE The of the that this The that the to the librarys internal The of this buffers. of the from to and
software. The inventory information about The inventory RAM and the information to SCSI commands from the the following locations: inventory information Chapter The Inventory allows to the following information: Entry/exit (the (the CHM (the Cartridge (the This includes about whether information. the the This includes about the information. of each This includes about information. whether the and whether or Select the Info from the then Inventory information To information: and
Information From the Inventory Information. The following screen appears: Press to higher to The following the the o o If the location with the field displays the Indicates the which information displayed. INX Indicates whether the field The field The and
The occurred, or the Indicates whether the to the Chapter The the there the The the the The the Direct Memory Access occurred. The the DMA The the the or The the the or misplaced. Indicates whether the matched the template with the SEND VOLUME TAG SCSI command: Match The match the The matched the Select the Info from the then Inventory To information about the library: information Exabyte and Exabyte
Information From the Inventory Info. The following appears: C C Press to with higher to with The following the the Info C Indicates the of the from which the (Source) Indicates the which information displayed. INX Indicates the SCSI of this (Address) Info Indicates whether the the specified location to The The location The location Indicates whether the The and
this whether that If the Indicates whether or If the this whether that Info or (Cartridge Chapter Indicates whether empty, the or the ejected: The empty, or the ejected and ready to This the CHM or the Indicates whether the the Not Installed. Indicates whether the calibrated: C The calibrated. The calibrated. The The Not currently used. Select the Info from the then Inventory To information about the of the library: information and
From the Inventory Info. The following appears: Information o Press to with higher to with The following the the Information Indicates the thousandths of inch) the CHM to the from its to the specified location. Indicates the the CHM to the from its to the or the (This field the CHM, or Indicates the which information displayed. INX Information this the and
Notes Chapter and Exabyte
This chapter from the of the this chapter to troubleshoot operations. Performing the Performing This section to using the and The and from the Both of these from the The where the CHM options CHM options the This information, allows to to and You using the librarys and and
from to including the This option the CHM to The includes selections: the Chapter This option the CHM to the and the option: Starting option there least and the From the Then The following appears: the to LCD Interface If necessary, security o o o and
Select from the To the If to include The the YES. NO. The displays the following o If the to each and YES. NO. The the and displays the following the the of that completed, and the and of the o o o and Operation
To the then the The displays the of that the and indicating that the this Select NO. The CHM the the the The the the the Select from the To the and the CHM the the the YES. If the the YES. NO. The displays The then the If to include the following o and
If the to each and YES. NO. The the and displays the following the the of that completed, and the and of the o o o To the then the The displays the of that the and indicating that the the from the the following: library. You these functions to The functions the installation. and to LCD Interface If necessary, security.
to the and to the below the These tests. Chapter Exabyte to Cartridge to From the then of appears: Performing CHM Entry/exit C o o o o and Select of the tests. the following
the finished, the displays Complete and to to the If to then instructions the The following each and Additional instructions the the CHM to the The assembly rotates and the CHM to its the and the to the to the where Destination appears. Press or to the CHM. Then or the the CHM to to Cartridge, the Source appears. Press or to the (the (the where the CHM the CHM to from), then to the Then Press or to the The Destination appears. the of the the CHM to the The the from location to another. Cartridge and
inventory and the the the Information the the Scans of the Scan Additional instructions Chapter the to and The Scan Stop appears. Press or to specify where the the it the the inventory and displays the Scan appears. Press or to where the to and Scan with the Information Scans of Scan with the to to its This or the the assembly to its the front), and and (with to the CHM to and the the and the the CHM This the or the the the and the and
the of this to Source appears. Press or to the (where the CHM to and the and The appears. Press or to the and Additional instructions and it the the CHM to from specified location. Pick/Place the the appears. Press or to the to and and the of the CHM to appears. Press or to the of the to and the appears. Press or to the of the to and the appears. Press or to the of the to and the the assembly to the (the which the CHM the CHM to and the CHM to (the which the CHM to the and the appears. Press or to the of the You hear each the to and and the front the that the locking and Operation E/E, the the of the appears. Press or to E/E to and and the E/E
allows to information about the library, firmware. The interface, to as the tests, and firmware.You the librarys to (such as CHSTERM) to the You of the librarys and the the the motion of the CHM, to switch to the the indicates, to The following the or or the CHM Function information about the and the to and Creating the the and
If to CHM motion, the to the If necessary, security To the or SCSI or From the Interface and to SCSI to the following appears: to to to C o C o C o the to the librarys (the (the top C o of the following and
SCSI If to commands to that from the software. Chapter selected the option The the and displays Press to this Press to the and The assigns the and the the that the back to the If connected to to and closed or the to with the If to the the that instructs while the connected to to the back to and
Troubleshooting that when and operating the and the The instructions this chapter This chapter of troubleshooting advanced troubleshooting, service This chapter the following with operation with with operation C If flashing the to If the LCD, to and
If and software installation, the following: with Chapter the or LVD or HVD. You and LVD to the the operating as These include the cards, and the of high-voltage (HVD) (LVD), and the SCSI or SCSI. within Narrow SCSI and SCSI and SCSI within the library. SCSI the internal and SCSI cabling terminated the SCSI and the physical of the to the from that Termination properly terminated as If another SCSI previously The IDs. and the as IDs that the SCSI IDs selected the SCSI IDs other SCSI that including the SCSI instructions. securely connected to the SCSI the back of the library. that SCSI and SCSI information. Exabyte and
that and with the SCSI and software to that SCSI that with and and switches the troubleshooting instructions. to SCSI or correctly. to the that the properly seated. Troubleshooting software correctly. to the that Software that with software. the CHM, the to SCSI Interface the operating the software information. these items, there SCSI activity, then the Retry operation. and
If operating the software and the reading and writing the following: with Chapter If writing that switch the write instructions. the of Cartridge only. information. Mammoth AME If types, software and software MP and AME the library. If MP of If writing with Exabyte Cartridge type If the Cartridge or frequently, try cleaning Clean the cleaning instructions. using the recommended and
that the Mammoth option to ON, as the the Mammoth option to OFF when the to information from the If Mammoth Mammoth option Troubleshooting the Mammoth option OFF. If Mammoth ON, to If or write the operating the The SCSI Interface the software to CHM motion. instructions. If the operating the the following: with operation operations from the LCD. Security from the LCD with or from SCSI the trying to If security Security that security correctly the software. information. and locked. You the Closed and the to the and to that the closed and properly
You the selections the CHM operation and the to the CHM functioning properly. Chapter to that the instructions. Chapter LVD, or HVD, or (found the the the LCD or the (found the of the LCD), and SCSI If the service calling, gather the following information: If the the (found the top (found the top of the housing). of the housing) and FECODE and EECODE instructions about and type of and operating the software and and
This chapter information about the following functions to or If the other than the with Exabyte, to warranty. the housing or Cleaning the front the the CAUTION from the cleaned or To internal the factory and should The librarys internal closed and locked. and
with cleaning the front from the the that should cleaned the the cleaning To cleaning Cleaning the front Chapter To clean the librarys the first, then the To scratching the chemicals, or cleaners, cleaning CAUTION pearl-white touching and scratches the finish. information, the housing and
the To The which located the the back of the to the the the the type and rating of CAUTION To the switch the off and that the from the that the or and the off the and the cord. and Operation
Gently the the following screwdriver the the the blown of the as shown the following Chapter the screwdriver to the of the the and the as shown the following If another the the the back and hear the following and
The each of the front You should the once (or the operating To the as and reliability, should the to the from the clean. To the outer of each and the off the front To the and
the from of the the following Chapter and
each the the mounting the as shown the following each the the and the it seated. and
You Mammoth or library. (or Chapter them with that 8505XL with other type of the You Mammoth library. already You purchase the the If to containing or Exabyte 8505XL to Mammoth from Exabyte. each of the You If using than four the with If SCSI the SCSI If SCSI the SCSI and Exabyte The shipped with the accessory
(or the following Procedure (or or the library. the from the library. operations. wristband known grounded To the library, that the (ESD). If and grounded free of that protection wristband If and such as the chassis. the library, the shipped to You the without screwdriver. and
LCD security or the software. from releasing force the The interlock Unlock and the CAUTION Chapter the off the library. switch the off and that the from the that the or and the If necessary, reach and the of the CHM to to the Exabyte and
the the as shown the following screwdriver, the screws the the following the the without first the screws. the of the CAUTION and Operation
the the This caused the the completely the the the librarys and the To seat the further. shown the previous the the with the to the right. the closed. The should easily the back. the to the back of the and to the screwdriver, the screw each of the screws). operations the the SCSI ID of the to the ID. and the librarys the library. and Exabyte
Specifications This specifications the library. The below the capacity of the with the with XL Capacity with the following and with AME Mammoth of terabytes Exabyte with terabytes terabytes with that the writing and
C C hour allowable to F) C to C to Relative to to C F) high (inches) (rack-mount high (inches) with four (rack-mount and with four and
Specifications Based the AC the and BTU/hour. (AC to VAC to input selection and IEC AC the United States and The NEMA 5-15P the other The UL and CSA Certified. The shipped with 7-foot AWG, or supply cord. AC, or to the of the United States If to input other than these cords follow. Other and international The NEMA 6-15P The IEC the other U.S. and VAC Cord and The SJT-VT type, AWG The comply with
The of the type, and the country. The IEC International VAC Cord publication HD-21. The characteristics and rating The harmonized to CENELEC H05VVF3G0.75 A). SCSI internal LVD, or HVD, and or The SCSI match the SCSI to terminate the or the of the following terminators: To performance of the and specifications active termination. AMP Narrow AMP HVD AMP LVD AMP HVD and testing shown that termination that or enough SCSI
Specifications The following the SCSI the SCSI library. SCSI specifications conductors twisted with and shield) Construction AWG annealed, C) inch Insulation: Conductors Shielding Grounding VAC the SCSI library, that to SCSI-3 specifications. AMP shielded, SCSI-2 Connector and
If Mammoth and than MB second, the of internal and should If to MB or or the of internal and should The of internal and the SCSI the allowable should LVD/ HVD To that the SCSI the each each the of SCSI the each each to the to to the each to allow the the the library. the and If SCSI library, the the SCSI and the library, the and the the SCSI There the
Specifications The the back allows to the to clear of momentary This DIN and and specifications and
Notes and
SCSI to with peripheral SCSI This of the SCSI commands to instructions from the and of to the SCSI SCSI-2 SCSI that allows such as the and the The and to its to the host. The SCSI consists of the following SCSI (as as other the The SCSI connected to the and to the or commands. The and the peripheral (or that of commands from the host. to (including the connected to the SCSI what to as The acts as the of operating the and the SCSI commands. It consists of the software, the and
This section the basic and the the SCSI Considerations the the SCSI the attached to the LVD to HVD SCSI CAUTION LVD, or HVD HVD. These other include the high-voltage (HVD). On SCSI to On or LVD, then the SCSI Every SCSI attached to the SCSI the library, the or LVD; HVD, or (LVD) or used. If and terminators. the the as that and LVD Exabyte and
SCSI The Mammoth only. The Mammoth and Narrow or SCSI The fast SCSI, which length, and termination SCSI cabling or than SCSI SCSI cabling SCSI If to MB or or the If using Mammoth of than MB second, that the and to that the of internal and of internal and connecting the and other the SCSI follow these SCSI cabling: the HVD/LVD SCSI the of internal and the SCSI If and
other the cabling information. If You include the amount of internal these amount of internal SCSI cabling as If the or of the the the SCSI or Termination active or If or to MB or active or termination. match the SCSI LVD, or HVD; using Mammoth and the back of the library. The SCSI than MB second, active termination. If active termination. to the SCSI Termination testing shown that termination that or clean enough SCSI these IDs to each The SCSI ID which when than the SCSI ID. The trying to with the host. The the ID, the the of the SCSI and the SCSI The SCSI ID physical location. SCSI ID of
SCSI If the SCSI IDs, the three IDs. IDs allow the and the If the and to as of SCSI commands from the host. and
Notes and
LCD C librarys LCD LCD This the that appear the or If the other than the obstruction or other service If the service to warranty. CAUTION and
information about SCSI to and to the EXB-440 and EXB-480 SCSI Reference CAUTION C corrective actions to the SCSI activity SCSI library. there and
LCD The following the If the that there the If the service DROPPED CARTRIDGE. The CHM Corrective action CAUTION: to the back the the from the or redirect the CHM to another location. the location, or redirect the CHM to another location. SOURCE EMPTY. There the location. already the DESTINATION FULL. location. there nothing the CHM or the If the service of CHM PUT MECH. FAILURE. The mechanical CHM of PICK MECH. FAILURE. The mechanical know where the and back the the and host, then the If the service or redirect the CHM. NO SRC ELEMENT; NO DEST the ELEMENT. selected location. There the CHM FULL BEFORE MOVE. when the library, or or the operation. and
Press the and the to unloaded, or redirect the CHM to another location. Corrective action SRC INSIDE DRIVE. The CHM the C the and host, then the If the service GRIP HOME ERROR. occurred. the and that might the allocated motion the allocated the to the off. functions GRIP MOTION TIMEOUT. motion than the from CHM PICK MECH. FAILURE. The CANNOT OPEN GRIPPER. The PICK STALL. The CHM while trying to from the might the CHM its the and that the and host, then the If the service the and host, then the If the service the CHM to the AXIS FAILED HOME. The the LM629 RESET FAIL. The the AXIS DOES NOT MOVE. The CHM the and
LCD might the CHM its the and that that already the Corrective action the CANNOT LOAD DRIVE. The enough the (It CHM the the and host, then the If the service that the the closed. the and host, then the If the service the and host, then the If the service might the CHM its the and that AXIS DOES NOT MOVE. The CHM the CHM to the AXIS FAILED HOME. The the the LM629 RESET FAIL. The the around the If there the and obstructions service service The AXIS DOES NOT MOVE. its AXIS FAILED HOME. The the the and
If this appears the Info If the the If the or If the service Corrective action the there NO LABEL. The the C If this appears the Info If necessary, the because the READ ERROR. The the NOT PRESENT. The there If this appears the Info the and host, then the If this appears the Info the and the If the correctly, service If the service DMA CH. TIMEOUT. board DMA OVERRUN. The the Direct Memory Access occurred. LABEL UPSIDE DOWN. The because the the the and host, then the If the service might the CHM its the and anything that reach its SERVO TIMEOUT. The CHM the and
LCD the and host, then the PARAMETER LIMIT. and If the service You to firmware. Corrective action If the appears, the host, then the and If the service and the front or the malfunctioning. FRONT DOOR OPEN. The might the CHM its the and that the and host, then the If the service the and host, then the INTERNAL S/W ERROR. SERVO TIMEOUT. The CHM reach its the might the CHM its the and anything that and If the service You to supply firmware. POS ERROR TIMEOUT. The the CHM reach its and the and host, then the If the service
If service the the Corrective action the INTERFACE DISABLED. The command. when the C the than four only. If the with This to earlier of the with the top around the arm. If there service the and INVALID BLANK CONFIG. The E/E FAILED TO EXTEND. The E/E FAILED TO RETURN. The retracted. correctly seated. If the This appears the Clean location, redirect the CHM. If that the If the service corrective action cleaned because DRIVE NOT INSTALLED. The this location. aborted while OPERATOR ABORTED. mounting If the redirect the CHM. If that correctly seated the If that location, service NO MAGAZINE. There this location. and
LCD might the CHM its the and that the and host, then the If the service Corrective action DRUM MOVE, SAXIS EXT. The CHM the Reseat the the the of the library. There with the service the and host, then If the service to CHM DRIVE DID NOT EJECT. The KEY NOT PRESENT. The to the (This the only.) the type of cleaning cleaning the If the the cleaning and try service You the ROM the trying to library. service the ejected immediately CHECK CLEANER. The cleaning INVALID BOOT ROM. The ROM with the EEPROM that or EMPTY DRIVE SLOT. There this This displayed the cleaning from the LCD. and
the and host, then the to and If the service You to supply Corrective action UNEXPECTED INT; SCSI INT STUCK ERROR. There FAS216 ERROR; SCSI SCSI C might the CHM its the and that HIT CART IN DEST. The CHM caused that You Mammoth and the library. the and host, then the If the service Mammoth 85XX. You and Mammoth the library. and Exabyte
the physical locations the that (the CHM, the the and the which the to the LCD to The following the the and the and Operation
Exabyte and
Exabyte and
Notes Exabyte and
and the This the procedures Returning the service the If to the to the factory service, the directly to Exabyte, Direct follow the instructions the following to Authorization (RMA) and service If service instructs to the the RMA Returning the service service, and If the SCSI terminators, and and
the the to the and You and To the and warranty, to the (or obtained from when repacking and the library. the and to items other than or to library. the To the the from the library. the CHM and the off the library. the cord, the SCSI and or these items the to the factory. If to these items, them the and Exabyte CAUTION
and the the to the CHM, as shown the following and
the the CHM fits the as shown the following the and the If the service, the the to the locked. and
To the library, the located the To the screwdriver, the four screws the back of the screws each and the Accessing the each back and from the the rack-mount from the You least or people and to pounds the The rack-mount pounds and or and least three people the following T-15 TORX T-25 TORX and
Removing the To the from the the the from the front of the the and the from the library. T-25 TORX to the head screws that the to the as shown the following (A the screw the Exabyte and
T-15 TORX to the head screws attaching the to the of the library, as shown the following and the the inches of the and
the that the the the the the following the from the and to or the the each of the front Press the the and the back the and Exabyte
and the pounds the The rack-mount pounds the the cushion the which to the You least or people and to four or people and the top of the cushion. and
the the as shown the following and
the cushioned around the library, as shown following the the as and the and
If the librarys the accessory top of the library, as shown the following If the service, the librarys SCSI terminators, and the cushioned top the accessory as shown the following Exabyte and
and the the the library, as shown the following and the the top. the the and
around the and through the as shown the following and