Phone: Corporation CO Street Notices AMP of AMP Incorporated. of Emerson Company. of Inc. of Inc. EXABYTE and EXATAPE of Corporation. of Incorporated. other or of their respective Revision History Revision Initial release Copyright Copyright Exabyte Corporation. rights This item and the information the property of Corporation. of this reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated or or mechanical, or otherwise, without the written of Exabyte Corporation, Corporation or warranties with to the of this and specifically of merchantability or Exabyte Corporation the right to this without to or of such revisions or
or Corporation the authority to the CDC Notice This the Class from the Interference of the of Communication. FCC Notice This tested and found to with the Class to of FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and There that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. that to which the connected. the outlet from and the or technician Agency properly with shielded shielded and grounding the of the SCSI and the input the EXB-8500 and the following UL Edition, Information CAN/CSA C22.2 950-M-89, of Information and IEC 950/EN60950, of Information including (TUV).
If with the EXB-8500 or the warranty allowing or unauthorized to repairs. other than Exabytes or to the instructions Exabyte. of the Exabyte Physical to of Returning the unauthorized the and the warranty. to the instructions this information. CAUTION Product Warranty The EXB-8500 and Cartridge warranted to free from and workmanship and to the specifications the of warranty, to or the from which the purchased. The warranty the apply to caused by: Physical or with the operating instructions or Exabytes or the other than Exabytes or other than those Exabyte, the warranty the or of or the of items the or instructions Exabyte.
The EXB-8500 to of capacity EXATAPE Cartridge. ratio of the to of The incorporates or Interface (SCSI) and ideally and archiving, and Thank selecting the EXABYTE EXB-8500 or Cartridge The EXB-8500 and the (shown below) high-capacity, high-performance, and highly streaming PC, and 5.25-inch form-factor, the and EXB-8500 the the the front
specifications, to the EXB-8500 and Cartridge Product information about SCSI commands the to the EXB-8500 Cartridge or the Cartridge More Information Information to the the other or recorded CAUTION Information or Used This this as and the to instructions and operation, this information about selecting and cleaning the and the This the following to highlight information: Notes hints or about the topic or About This
Mounting or four screws, screwdriver Can to the from SCSI If the terminates the SCSI Inc. DM103-01-0 (or If the terminates the SCSI the internal and DM103-02-0 (or to mount the SCSI provided) SCSI supply specifications. SCSI ID or switch (or the switch and Optional and Table and the CTS protection Unpacking the and ESD the SCSI ID the the SCSI the PC Connecting the to the supply Performing the Table the and the This section instructions the following
the its ready to and grounded protection wristband. If and wristband Ensuring ESD Protection If the than months, follow the instructions when applying the first the MLCH the top of the to when the manufactured.) Follow these to the from (ESD): the the of the the and inspect the If or the the and immediately. If the of the which the from the location C F) or the its to the least hours the This to the the The to the from shock, and (ESD). to or the CAUTION -inch or M3-0.5 screw Can chassis grounding.
If both the DIP switches and the switch to SCSI ID, the SCSI ID the OR of the the switch SCSI ID and the DIP switches SCSI ID the SCSI ID If switch or to the SCSI ID, that the DIP switches to SCSI ID (the the DIP switches to the SCSI ID, that the switch or to SCSI ID SCSI ID already the when the shipped. (shunts) to the the the back of the switch to the SCSI ID These the following the SCSI ID the the SCSI ID, necessary. SCSI ID This SCSI ID SCSI You of the following to the ID: the DIP switches the of the top of the If the or electricity from the (Touch known grounded such as chassis.)
SCSI ID DIP switches and the SCSI ID DIP switches the back of the as shown the DIP switch to the SCSI ID shows the SCSI through that the switch or to SCSI ID the SCSI ID with the DIP Switches To the SCSI ID using the DIP switches, follow these
the SCSI ID the SCSI ID the back of the as shown the the to the SCSI ID shows to the SCSI IDs through that the DIP switches to SCSI ID On the SCSI ID with To the SCSI ID follow these DIP switch the SCSI On
If the located the of the SCSI terminate the The whether the or SCSI the the SCSI The SCSI that the to terminated correctly to operation. The that physically located each of the SCSI other the SCSI information about assignments the SCSI ID to the EXB-8500 and Product Specification that the DIP switches to SCSI ID of the the switch to the SCSI ID The switch should the shown the SCSI ID the back of the as shown If necessary, the from the switch to the that the switch than inches) from the Table the SCSI ID with Remote Switch If to the SCSI ID remotely, switch assembly with the to the SCSI ID To the SCSI ID with switch, follow these
Location of Optional Termination If terminate the externally the from the back of the and Inc. DM103-02-0 the To the follow these the the back of the as shown The the terminate the SCSI or to SCSI termination. CAUTION Terminating The includes that the terminates the SCSI
The SCSI connecting the to the with the to information about the the SCSI Terminating The include internal terminators. If terminates the SCSI terminated externally. information about the recommended Connecting the SCSI The SCSI the the SCSI to the SCSI the back of the The that connected only shows the location of the SCSI If R-pack, to the type to the The terminators, rated ohms. from Exabyte the If to the back the that of each with of the and that shown the writing the should upward. of the with or and should with the right of the CAUTION of each the and straight to the too tightly or the R-pack.
to half-high to the the plate(s) from the to to owners instructions. Turn off the and attached the cord. the as owners the PC If to mount the full-high PC follow the this section. Otherwise, to then reading Performing the Initial On. as follows: Location of SCSI
Attaching the to the the of the If the from the supply. to owners information. of the The of each should the of the screws to to the Mounting Procedure Follow these to mount the If to the to to this. to owners the If necessary, of the to full-high the CAUTION
the the and connecting the SCSI to the SCSI If chassis grounding, grounding with -inch to the ground the back of the M3-0.5 to the to the grounding The ground and grounding shown screw the to the as instructed owners the SCSI to SCSI From the front of the thread the SCSI the through the the the the with the front of the
The to the the If the the MLCH history) the top of the to when the manufactured. Although the operated manufactured, the of the that throughout this Months If the than months, the to the to apply to the the Initial On the cover. the that the PC off force the the The of the and the match. CAUTION Location of grounding grounding and from the supply to the the back of the
that information. the write-protect switch to write Press the the front of the the with the and the write-protect switch facing Months or More If the months or the following using software to that the internal properly distributed: Apply to the The its POST as completed, both turned off there loaded. If loaded, the LED the and POST the ready operation. If the LED the and occurred. the first of POST, both the and combinations of the whether the connected to the SCSI and whether loaded. the of POST, applied, the its and (POST). that and that the connected correctly, POST about seconds, as follows:
completed the ready operation. of to the the written and least or hours (whichever If the and though as If the the and while the the and LBOT. the LED off and the LED the and the ready.
command. The LED that the The LED SCSI activity and Reading the The to its operating states. The the following and the write-protect switch the Loading and shows the and the front of the (The front of the EXB-8500 the that the the This section includes information about the following: Reading the
flash/second The This The LED off the LED loaded. The LED the SCSI to information about clearing CRC within the first seconds about flashes/second seconds. The LED off when occurring. The o of and off appear as flash. anytime operation. High-speed search/rewind Ready loaded) o Unrecoverable CRC or o Normal motion or o or o or or o four then o POST o indicated the POST (passed) o o State Table shows of that operation. You LED and Table These other or that the of this LED when from POST On o Flashing LED LED
than when recording high-density and to recording heads. strongly of the following of length (such as and (MP), (ME), or These the Choosing High-Quality Cartridges from Exabyte, EXATAPE Cartridges specifically Exabyte products. EXATAPE reduce head and wear and exceeding years when to three and EXATAPE the recommended with products. that EXATAPE the CAUTION selecting high-quality and them properly, shelf-life and from them. High wear the recording heads. Selecting Cartridges
switch EXATAPE To write the the write-protect switch the of the If the the write and written to or EXATAPE with write-protect switch, shown to the from the that the write-protect switch correctly the operation. You or to the write-protect switch as follows: To write the the write-protect switch from the of the If the the write protected and written to or the Write-Protect Switch
The the only the It to the from the The to clear and other If or the to the Then, necessary, Cartridge the automatically. software the function. If the to the ready the software information. the the with the and the write-protect switch facing Gently the The the and ready LED that the write-protect switch correctly the operation, as If the that the LED off, indicating that the its and ready to the If necessary, the to the the Loading Cartridge To the follow these
Procedure If or the the and the LED flash. If the the reattempted; however, the written to The and cleared. To the the front The the operation, writes to the from the path, and the to the immediately when the pressed. to the EXB-8500 and Product Specification this seconds and the to the
The of its motion hours internally. To when the to cleaned, REQUEST SENSE and the of the CLN and CLND and If the CLN to the to cleaned. This to when cleaning The CLND to when the cleaned and to when the REQUEST SENSE received. You should the heads and motion hours This cleaning of the which write and using the or infrequently, to clean the often than every motion hours. software when the cleaning. to the software information. to Clean the The only the cleaning of the heads and path. or Cleaning Cartridge. and of the shelf of and integrity. cleaning other than the Exabyte Cleaning Cartridge or cleaning the warranty the and to head Preventive
Exabyte Cleaning Cartridge with showing cleaning Apply to the the the and from the the the of the cleaning to that there least cleaning If there cleaning the cleaning and To the cleaning follow these To of the and the cleaning to the heads, than the of cleaning specified the the the cleaning redistribute from the path. the cleaning the specified of cleaning the Cleaning Cartridge CAUTION
Follow the and other allow the and the to cool, Caring Cartridges To the of and integrity, follow these when to the write-protect switch. or other reference information the If the cleaning the the cleaning the cleaning the cleaning cleaning To that cleaning REQUEST SENSE command and the of the CLND If to this that the cleaning of that the cleaning The cleaning the and approximately seconds. the cleaning the cleaning and from the If there cleaning the cleaning the without completing the cleaning the cleaning the and the
its each of its its its the the actually its this the and to the reason, top of each other or them of as as written to them of the that such as and fluctuation, and with the write-protect switch the protected the location as of airborne as To of to eat, or the and near or that toner and
Approximately once each to each through and its statistics. If increased the or they threshold, should re-archive the to and the Cartridges
Notes:
inches) high Table and of CTS (with high inches) Table shows the and of the and four-pack To that the the specifications, the The and to items other than or to You the with or with four (four-pack). shows the and To the and warranty, to the (or obtained from Exabyte) when and the CAUTION the
the the the cushion. the top cushion the with the facing the or to the and the with two-inch each the the cushion the with the the or facing the Shipment To the shipment, follow these
the and the top that the completely closed. the four-pack than four If or three each four the cushions You the the cushion that the front or the top cushion the and CAUTION
Table specifications the C to C to F) C to of C hour to of hour) to C to to Shipment to comply with the shown Table
Ideally, to match the terminators, the should characteristic of or with this high of characteristic somewhat characteristic of recommended or twisted-pair characteristic than recommended shielded or twisted of AWG recommended to effects and of SCSI The SCSI the to the with the You that with the and agency To with FCC, DOC, and VDE the shielded when the to the mounting and Selecting the SCSI and Attaching the to chassis grounding Connecting the to the If already the PC, this This the It the following
The housing of the includes of mounting the and the as shown and to allow of mounting These mounting screws. to the EXB-8500 and Attaching the to To the to the SCSI (AMP or The SCSI located the rear of the The consisting of of with inch) information about the SCSI assignments and to the EXB-8500 and Product Specification SCSI Connector SCSI that the of the SCSI of than inches) allowed off the within connected The within the than inches). SCSI that the of the SCSI of than inches) allowed off the within The within the than inches). To and reflections, that the the
free of that provided. The the and top of the the front There to and securely. To reliability, there of the housing. the such that its unsupported. the The mounted and four mounting the (A or B, as shown and of mounting from the the four mounting the or the the of the such as screw heads, or the EXB-8500 and Product Specification These specify operating humidity, shock, and The mounting location the Product Specification information about the of these mounting mounting the follow these
If chassis grounding -inch to the ground the of the M3-0.5 screw to the grounding The ground and shown Chassis (optional) Mounting the of the Mounting the of the
The the with 5.25-inch To the to AMP or information about the assignments, to the EXB-8500 and Product Specification The or protection. this reason, that the off connecting the to supply. Connector The operates from VDC and VDC AC agency that the from IEC to specifications. CAUTION The supply connected to the chassis, isolate ground from chassis ground.
Notes:
ratio of The included the Mean Amps VDC; Amps VDC VDC; VDC hours Capacity of EXATAPE Cartridge KBytes/sec KBytes/sec KBytes/sec MByte/sec and VDC and VDC Non-operating Non-operating Rate C to C to F) C to C to F) to to factor 5.25-inch full-high inches) high inches) inches) pounds) Physical Characteristics Interface LED SCSI activity, motion,and SCSI and DIP switch SCSI ID, SCSI SCSI-1 and SCSI-2, or Specifications
Notes: