PL13-2 www.ExcaliburElectronics.com
C purchase of the from Inc! You and hours of with this It includes such as Cricket and to easy to to please this thoroughly, and this reference. This includes three red-checkered three and its The Arthur brandished from which With this his vanquished. Although cant the of as could. The another of think. Functions of LCD to to Battery Information. Warranty. Table of
OUBLE ING UTER ULL YE OINTS INGLE INGS EGMENT UMBERS AME LAYER ELETE RIPLE OP CORE OINTS RIPLE ING (X3) NNER ULL EYE POINTS C ATCHER OINTS PTION OLD OUND Whats Included DAPTOR ACK C HANGE -S TART (optional, included) 9V DC
three AA To the located the of the of the thumbs to both of the tery and Function of CHANGE Press to the when to the or to GAME PLAYER Press to through and options when to three AA to match the polarity and with the the Press the back the It once properly closed. through the players to the to the OPTION HOLD Press to or Normal Press to the sound or off. Press to The LCD three each of the following which played, as shown A. The section of the LCD located the top of the LCD the LCD players or the the or the the and the pitchers turn. followed the or which the
instance, Team through when the through B. The section of the LCD located the right of the LCD the the player. the of rounds. or when the should or the DT when C. The C section of the LCD located the of the LCD the players or the players the players when English Cricket the to the pitcher. C: The of each displayed the bot- each The lights to the the The three the The lights to player closed the The top lights to the other players and the from this or closed the
to To choose and location. to choose location that to choose to recommends the international height and as shown According to the the of the should located inches (or The throwing should inches (or To this the screw height of three and inches (or from the the screw exactly foot three and three- fourths inches (or below the screw. This and fifth inches (or as shown the screws the the heights, securely the screws. Lightly the to securely The screws should than inches (or to screwing of and to securely as the section or included) to Then, properly the Press to the LCD scanning. Press the GAME to and the OPTION to option. Please to the Chart Once found and option, the CHANGE to confirm. Press the OPTION to or IN and the CHANGE to
If the OPTION to or OUT and the CHANGE to Press the GAME to the of players or teams. Press the CHANGE to the each finishes their round, the CHANGE to to the finished and the CHANGE seconds to These apply to of the noted each Each player three each round. that bounces off or off of the re-thrown. finished his or round, the to his or from the players throw Players throwing throwing the This the that throws to the throw first. If throw worth the of as the If throw worth the of as the If throw How to worth the of as the If throw the outer worth If throw the worth AMES A01 The of the to reduce to Players their with to the option when players their with of The round bust as the amount and reach exactly If the round bust, then the players to the from the previous round. and If
throw then that round bust and You choose to DOUBLE TRIPLE or IN DOUBLE TRIPLE OUT with of the DOUBLE TRIPLE IN the the or or the to the TRIPLE DOUBLE OUT the the or or the to reach the of to the The round bust the players to the option IGH CORE The of the to reach the highest within of rounds. To of rounds the You through rounds. The the highest the of rounds. C OUNT The of the to reach the first. their with To You choose through of The first to reach or this ANDOM HOT The of the to the as the that C section of the LCD SINGLE worth DOUBLE worth TRIPLE worth three OUTER BULL worth INNER BULL worth You 6through rounds. The with the highest wins. NDER bot The of the to shoot three-dart that to or than the Each with and the wins. become the and when to or than the If life. The previous the right to and though the higher than the Every worth If the DR option, the when or that the (which his or The to VER toP The of the to shoot three-dart that than or to the Each with and the wins. become the and when to or than the previous
If life. The previous the right to and though the than the previous If the Leader DR option, the when or that than the (which his or The only to C OUNT OWN The of the to reduce to Each with the of through The they earn their deducted from their The first to reach or below wins. C LOCK The of the to each once the Every first the then You of the following options the If choose the option, and count as If choose the option, each each once. If choose the option, each each once. C LOCK The of the to each once clockwise the the with and with The as follows: and the each the to the following The first player to the and the wins. C LOCK The of the to each once counter-clockwise the followed the Each with and with The as follows: and the each the to the following The first to the and the 9-L IVES 3LF, 4LF, 5LF, 6LF, 7LF, 8LF, 9LF The of the to throw through followed the within the of with of You choose three through each round, the players the with of their If the with three or life. The or the first to the wins. EST EN -E- The of the to the based the shown the LCD Select or first. whole and the
The the of the players to throw round the the option chose, and or count. The with the highest players thrown their C RICKET The of the to throw through the The The first to throw the wins. or or three to the the outer and the that to that every or throws that of the other players that If choose to Cricket, the of the to through the There NGLISH C RICKET English Cricket only. One acts as the pitcher, the other acts as the The pitchers to as as The to as as the pitcher The pitchers the The counts as the counts as wickets. If the pitcher hits another count. The throw or the pitcher The counts when the round the and the The the round finished. C UT -T HROAT C RICKET The of the to throw through the Its the as Cricket, that when that hits that the to the that that The first to throw the and the lowest ALVE The of the to throw the the LCD The within round; players to this with least of their within the round. and count the If the with least of his or three that players half. The LCD each round. If chose to the the players thrown three rounds. If chose to the Round RD the rounds.
LL BY The of the to reduce each rounds from the of through however, the each round to round, his or that counted. If player of the three his or counted The round bust when reaches higher than the The with exactly The first to reach OLLOW THE EADER Con The of the to issued the The and with and the The LCD The first to the the The each round. Each the with of his or three or life. become the or hits the and the The the right to and the from the previous The the hits the becomes the or his or round. If choose to the option, the played the the to the other players If or life. The the hits this then chosen. HANGHAI I, II, III The of the to throw within rounds. To I, players round round and they round The with the highest the the throws the third the seventh round. To II, follow the as instantly three rounds and To III, players throwing through instantly and round. The with the highest the throws the third the seventh round or the to reach and wins. CRAM If choose to Scram the of the to throw the numbers, through the One acts as the whose to as as of
the numbers. Another acts as the whose to each of the through once and the The round finished when The with the highest the If choose to Scram the of the to throw through the Each three to that or three The outer and the ILLER 3LF, 4LF, 5LF, 6LF, 7LF, The of the to or The wins. To the each throws with the right handed, throw with hand; handed, throw with right hand). Every from another. Each player to his or to to each to another throwing his or Every become throwing the three through The LCD when becomes If choose to with the option, the DOUBLE RING of his or once and then or becomes The the DOUBLE RING of his or to them. player hits his or throughout the or of his or OCCER The of the to of the the first, then the as as Another of the the count as The with the highest wins. ILLIARD ALL option The of the to as as The the higher players throw through To to through the worth Once then throw the Players this to three round. The to throw or his or the the winning from four through The first to reach this NOOKER The of this to The through the player hits the and The with the highest wins.
The 8through the These to Each worth The through Each worth the as its The three round. player to throw or the Players when the three the of the round or the REE The of the to throw or round and the highest This players and The with the highest wins. rough such as or and the of and C and C). Clean using slightly cloth. cleaners with should and three AA batteries, included. or rechargeable batteries. and batteries. rechargeable from the and them cool, when To or of fire or to recharge or other non-rechargeable batteries. that the polarity and matches the the of the type and Battery Information
This with of the FCC to the following this and this interference received, including interference that operation. NOTE: This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These its to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or the right to technical without the of EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., warrants to the that its products from or mechanical of DAYS from the of purchase. If such within the warranty EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., or the free of charge of the shipped and insured to the factory shown right. The warranty covers and cover that or that from alterations, wear and tear, or of the of the top warranties. This warranty cover of repairs or of the factory. including of merchantability and to DAYS from the of purchase. or from breach of or LIMITED DAY WARRANTY allow the tion of and allow of or the itations and these instances apply. The authorized service the United States Inc. SW U.S.A. www.ExcaliburElectronics.com the packed, the and and insured. Include the and including telephone the If warranty and fee service, write to the specifying the and the PLEASE DO NOT SEND YOUR UNIT WITHOUT RECEIVING AN ESTIMATE FOR SERVIC- ING. WE CANNOT STORE YOUR UNIT! think!
XCALIBUR LECTRONICS NC SW TH VENUE IAMI LORIDA U.S.A. HONE AX www.ExcaliburElectronics.com PL13-2 (MA) V7