394-P-CS-WSOP
Congratulations the purchase of the To the with please this operating thoroughly, to and instructions. C Started the and One-Year Warranty The Arthur brandished from which With this his vanquished. Although cant claimthe of as could. The another unmatched of think.
C C C C the AA included). To the the the top screwdriver to the screw. off the the to match the polarity and the the of the its and the the screw and tighten gently. Selecting To ON/OFF. or Sound Effects To sound effects, MUTE the played the right of LCD. To Started
selecting the START DEAL once to the which select, off with of To the amount of the BET the amount to displayed. the first of the amount of BET.) each or the amount or displayed. Then displayed. Starting the Whatever the START DEAL. If or Wild, the hand. If the the of each tions below. C C The of or become the
to or as to as without exceeding The worth this amount which the counts as other count their You the to professional and of which You then whether to STAND to or to DEAL to another to finishes its hand. If count to than count, while exceeding amount to and money as If the amount of If count the as (or and and the money If whether to cards) or another DEAL) that the count of to without that than the the
protection the and 2-to-1. showing, the INSURANCE flash. At this the option or each player the option to to of his the ance This that the (The its from the that the the If the You this Professional players CASINO DRAW POKER of the the The of to that of or to cards, showing both the (or, the of cards, and the of each and to the of hand, the DRAW or HOLD played. You the option of from to cards. to of the HOLD that to the or cards. HOLD
The of winning from to and their DEUCES WILD played the as the four the other of as the fifth to straight hearts. Wild, should with of Straight of originally French and nated players the 1400s. It played or players cards, and chips. there or choices to The chance or as chance as house Straight of to together to win, that least three of The from chart BACCARAT
AKQJ10, the hearts, or the You Straight flush: of the such as of below the The as to 5432A, the lowest straight flush. You of of the and the matched cards, that 5555K. You house: of of such as 555AA. the that 555KK beats 444AA. You of the such as KQ752 of hearts. the top and then the that KQ752 KJ952. to You Straight: such as The high or AKQJ10 and 5432A. You of of the and of such as KKK75. the that KKK75 QQQAK, and QQQAK QQQA9. You of of another and such as AA449. the top then the and finally the that AA449 KKQQA, AA33K, or AA448. You of or of of least Jacks, of such as KKQJ3. the each turn, that KKQJ3 KKQJ2. You of
to the the It the cards. Then (the cards. The of to whether the or theplayer the hand, or the selecting and START, DEALER, TIE, or PLAYER. winning the that the to the of finished. and count The counts as the the three as three, If the of the cards or the counts. shows and its its that consists of and its Strict whether third chart below.) the hand: If the first or then the or or Players Third Card or Player third third
the whether the and the of the player's as shown below. If the players third the below whether the third A. If the or the another B. If the the another the players third C. If the hand the third the third or D. If the the third the players third or If predicted the right amount to SLOT MACHINE the to learn and It's of the and START. There three the If or appears three of
The other of functioning It operates Please the below. rough such as or and the of and (4C and Clean using slightly cloth. cleaners with Battery Information AA included). the
rechargeable To or of fire or to recharge or to with the and follow the toy and instructions. and them cool, when and from the The supply terminals to short-circuit- This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference tion. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to nications. there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected.
EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., warrants to the that its from or mechanical of ONE YEAR from the of purchase. If such within the warranty EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., or the free of charge of the shipped and insured to the factory shown right. The warranty covers and cover that or that from alterations, wear and tear, or of the of the top warranties. This warranty cover of repairs or attempted of the factory. including warranties warranties excluded. allow the of and allow of or the and these instances apply. The only authorized service the United States Inc. SW U.S.A. www.ExcaliburElectron the packed, preferably the and and insured. Include the and including the If and service, write to the