PL26
C ongratulations purchase of Board. You and hours of challenging with this easy to to please this thoroughly, and information. this reference. This includes and The of Started Warranty ABLE OF C ONTENTS The Arthur brandished from which With this his vanquished. Although cant the of as could. think.
To Board, the back of or anywhere to professional the board the from the ground. The (the official this the with which to throw, these
You or teams each other. throwing. turn consists of three thrown To who shoots first, thrown. The to the shoots first. The and players and tournaments. of the earns the of as that the the and land- the the The of the the It and outer the worth the The of outer of the worth played. Below three of the and The and both the the traction of from the of or with the reducing his to the counted, the That the player the the outer of the board. Once thrown, that and
count reducing the to The subtracting the count of each from the the outer counts and the worth The reduce his or to exactly and the processa the throw. the to reach or If scored, then the player to and Naturally, with to the winning This of the known as the If to the to From would If then first reduce the to throw instance, there from to would to throw first, reducing the to Then with the throwing If the than the that turn count. the as to that turn. and the (or or with his or three the the totaled, the count and the If totaled, the count the
Cricket Cricket only the and the scor- of these three within the count as hits and as three hits. the of the the counts as and the counts as Once owns That the cated (including and of this whenever or hits the other hits the three to the and count as Once the closed, ther earns when anywhere the Each that or closed or the shooting when or ALL the first AND the or with his If the first and or to the closed. This the catches and or the closed the and
EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., warrants to the that its products from or mechanical of DAYS from the of purchase. If such within the warranty EXCALIBUR ELEC- TRONICS, INC., or the of charge of the shipped and insured to the factory right. The warranty covers and cover that or that from alterations, wear and tear, or of the of the top This warranty cover of repairs or attempted of the factory. including of merchantability and to DAYS from the of purchase. or from breach of or hereby excluded. allow tions the tion of warranties and Warranty allow of or the and these instances apply. The only authorized service the United States Inc. S.W. FL U.S.A. www.ExcaliburElectronics.com the packed, preferably the and and insured. the and including telephone the If warranty and write to the specifying the and the PLEASE DO NOT SEND YOUR UNIT WITHOUT RECEIVING AN ESTIMATE FOR SERVICING. WE CANNOT STORE YOUR UNIT!
XCALIBUR LECTRONICS NC SW TH VENUE IAMI LORIDA U.S.A. HONE AX www.ExcaliburElectronics.com PL26 (MA) CoronaDarts V3