BACKGAMMON (366E-2) USER MANUA
Thank purchasing backgammon With should years of and Started Backgammon AA them the the of the that the of each matches with the You purchase the optional AC from the factory or If choose to own, that 6V or the (LCD) should o Occasionally or the abnormally. thin the the of the and once to the the backgammon as shown that the the from to The the numbered the the of the You of with backgammon One of to the and the the the however, that the to the electronically. ENGLISH THE COMPUTER ALWAYS PLAYS BLACK The shows that the ready the to the of You their the or the the ROLL DICE. If the to then the when turn. If switch to the then to the when turn. At the of the the the of the LCD reds and to who first. If than the right WHITE first. If the displays to the Press ACCEPT and DECLINE Pressing to the The affected this the Press the ROLL DICE. The the throw of the and then displays the the hand of the LCD, PLAY The that first, and that the the to from the to the Press with of the the The and the appears the If the appear to with the of the to its the and that The then the to with the the and To as the and the to Once completed the the The the and To locations the with the indicating the the the as indicated the LCD the as The o
Once completed the then ROLL DICE to the turn. normally the four instead of easy entry, the to using both the the and the If involved, DO NOT USE this the and Therefore of as follows: Press and If of hits the the right of the with the location the indicating the that You then that to of the BAR locations the of the board, to the first its location. Once the the the completed. back from the the BAR the To If the player the that played, then the PASS. Bearing To Bear off of its to the BEAR OFF and with You then that from the board. the the when the to bear off o or high toned incorrect the the or the clear to If its to it The of this cleared from the LCD. The PLAY and The backgammon allows the to as though the with to of To inspect the of the the CUBE The white that ownership of the If the then the ownership of the Press the DOUBLE ACCEPT to offer to the If the the ROLL. If the the LOSS. The then If the to the To the DOUBLE ACCEPT To the DECLINE If the and that New You the NEW GAME If the to bear off its the effected. You therefore the to rating cheating off to the already or already off, the and the as and then the and of backgammon of the and the The and the tournament The the higher with higher If than The or the of turn. Press the LEVEL, and the appear the LE You the the LEVEL Each increases the the shows the the Clear
the of where the the should to the memory. This when the of turn. Press the VERIFY, and the the of each The first the the location and the the of that location. The white and the This that there completed the board, that and would to back. You the already its To back the TAKE BACK the and To of previous To back the back and the as the Once back the ROLL DICE to This allows to back to If the to back the first then o o If to interrupted, the OFF/SAVE You this anytime as as the of and completed the The then switches off, the its memory while of The the of which to months. If from or the ACL memory and ON/RECALL, the switches and the the as You to the of SCORE Pressing this once white and This than the The and the lowest This the the played. Pressing this rating displayed. as follows: to to to 2001to and C o On the rating to On the rating to The rating the and established rating the At the of rating and displayed once NEW GAME. WON This displays the of PLAYED This shows the of played. This shows the of Gammons the Pressing than once the of Gammons the C This shows the of Backgammons the Pressing once the of backgammons the ROLL DICE You this to the the Please that to the though that of The cheat the If the then to the included with
This to off and to o C At the of the this to or On the It the Cube the C This to the offer the or, the to the C C This to the the shows the or the the the o C This to or to o This to of where the highest. This to the hint to with and the to hint. Press to the of the hint or third and fourth You that or hint to allow to what the offered. TAKE BACK This to back NEW GAME This to and to Pressing NEW GAME the with action or Pressing this the ON or OFF. ON, this to another using the to and The the Not the rating while This known as where the acts as referee. Pressing this repeatedly allow to what every and bear off. C this to clear You the to clear the selection or clearing already C located the of this the to responding. If operating correctly, HOW TO PLAY BACKGAMMON The and Backgammon players, played with of usually and the of the backgammon this instruction the appear as the the of the backgammon board, The board and Each the board The know as reds or and those numbered known as or board. the with the of his around the board from to the of his as indicated the the The
clockwise, the counter-clockwise. The of players each normally to who The who the higher the first they both the they It therefore the first played to At this the used, the players, the first of the the his to the and his At the of each the both himself. choice of the that appear the when they Once the players to Ordinary If the players of the such as or then of his the of indicated of the and another of his (or the the of indicated the other first, and the There to this o DIAGRAM OF THE INITIAL POSITION One to from the and then another from the Then both these occupying the RESTRICTIONS ON PLAY A) to which already or of his or the of the from the and the the section below (or If or then to that and his this reason, to to of that to each other, this the of around the board, and often with to or of his There to the of that If to both of his what the following the from the would to of the this there which both the and the his from the to the and then This of of both the and the If to both of the higher
the choice of only or chose that three If from the would then from three of the the this three from the to the though then to because of The reason that the higher of the the three rather than the If players throw of the such as or four of the indicated of four each, or and then another and another and another, or choose such as and another three hops. his four each of four If of If to of his to of his then and his (or If then that and If of while then the from that and the the of the backgammon board. This the from the Once player or the that (or those back of his other the the the players the only of the numbered rolling allows to the allows to the three the and the only of the 1-6(the to the If the the from the hits then the to the the If off the Black the With other off the of the the o of to from the then the of the to another or, that necessary, to with the the
If while or the four of the the of that the Black the and Black his off the another off the with four (or with or because these with the and the four to another BEARING OFF MEN The of the to of around the board and and then to bear them off them from the board. You allowed to off The with bear off when the as the which the located. The with bear off when the of the to his this and the to bear off from the to bear off from the instead the from the to the four If and the to bear off from the (which to the or to from the to the off that higher than the occupied. This however, other to the right of the borne off., higher numbered this and bears off from the three o the and bears off from the The to bear off from this would Black higher this when other numbered If prefers, or or of his to the rather than to bear off. this that and bear off (from the and the or his from the to and then bear off from the the the of the the
complying with the using both If players off, from the and reach his to bear off. REMEMBER: You only allowed to bear off the board of Who The the first who bears off his own Another to when offer to the section the below.) o The of when partly his and partly the of the below.) If the to bear off least then the If the to bear off of his own the or the then the This Gammon If the to bear off and least the or the then that Backgammon and his basic The then the of the to the of scored. THE DOUBLING CUBE of the the exciting. The and At the of the the the (and shows the to that used). It this the to the the that the or his and the highest This offers to the The first to offer would the whether or to the If the the then the the If the to the the and the who the his of the board. the who the right to the If to offer the his the or the and If the accepted. the shows and to the other of the who this Once the of the reaches there AT THE END OF THE GAME At the of the the win, Gammon or Backgammon) the of the to the TO ENSURE PROPER FUNCTION: and or rechargeable rechargeable Battery installation should of the or type as recommended to to or from the the of the to with the polarity to from the toy The supply terminals to short-circuited