IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION. READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING. Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer WARNING! the information this to the of fire, shock, or to property or of life. WARNING ANTI-TIP DEVICE and To of the to the and the supplied. If the with the this the WB2X7909. To the and properly, the and inspect the fits securely the If the from the reason, the properly when the back the If there of the and causing or or Please to the information this to this of the and IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such The insulation self-clean off amount of the cleaning with or or SAFETY PRECAUTIONS basic should followed, including the following: this its as this properly and grounded with the instructions. the the location of the or easy reference. to or of specifically recommended this other servicing should to technician. service, the supply the household the or switching off the should or where They should allowed to or of the allow to or the or They the and causing injury. scratches or impacts to to or shattered or the CAUTION: Items of to should or the backsplash of the to reach items seriously wear or while the when reaching items the ignited brought with or heating and burns. only or burns from or heating or other cloth of
WARNING! SAFETY PRECAUTIONS or heating the Teach children to with the or other of the towels, cloths, and other from and and food from coverings, or from cooking grease or other or the the and grease clean to and to grease fires. grease fires. Turn the off. Smother covering the completely with well-fitting or or foam-type fire extinguisher. grease covering with or, COOK MEAT AND POULTRY THOROUGHLY meat and thoroughlymeat to least INTERNAL of 160F and to least INTERNAL of 180F. to these usually protects SURFACE COOKING UNITS cookware enough to cover the heating The of cookware of the to and of clothing. relationship of cookware to efficiency. the high heat and greasy that catch fire. to the or anywhere the as this shock, fire or to the the and the covered and Their cooking and of earthenware or other using or type fire extinguisher. the smothered completely closing the and turning the off or or foam-type fire extinguisher. the the heating or the of the These enough to though they and or clothing or other the the or of the allow cooling first. Potentially include the facing the the around the REMEMBER: The of the when the or or other and the of this or other service; others because of the To the of burns, of and the of should turned the of the without turn the off cookware. www.GEAppliances.com Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION. READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING. Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer SURFACE COOKING UNITS or the them dishwasher. self-clean the the foods the the To the of burn or shock, that the the OFF and cool to or Clean the with If to to burns. foods high or high heat WARNING! OVEN from the when the or which to and/or heat food and the causing injury. the the free from grease the the while the cool. If shelves when the heating the to the stop-lock heavy foods. It burns from touching of the or walls. SELF-CLEANING OVEN cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the from cleaners the of the when the self-clean the The should to or the self-cleaning the the and other cookware. to READ AND FOLLOW THIS SAFETY INFORMATION CAREFULLY. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS should as as foods or fresh foods to and the of the effective shallow or the too of when food If of or together heating, or as slowly. heat and as heats. thermometer whenever to overheating the cooking or roasting the follow the the to newspapers. If overheated, they catch fire. the Items products, cooking or food the when to bottoms, as this of of shock or fire. the self-cleaning operation. If the self-cleaning the off and the supply. serviced technician. Clean this
the www.GEAppliances.com Throughout this and appearance from the to OFF when Not inch. How to the and to the At both OFF and HI the clicks You hear clicking sounds indicating the ON light when or heavy-weight cookware. cookware conducts heat than other Cast-iron and coated cast-iron cookware to heat, cook to heat cook combined with other that They that the the of heat that the Canning the the the the and from These from such as and and the of Service. To burns from or heat, when canning. cooking should the Match the of the to the of the The should the of the than round You seriously the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
the Throughout this and appearance from Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer Clock and and BAKE/TEMP RECALL Touch this to the function. BAKE Light Flashes while the this when the START/ON touched to cooking or cleaning function. the of whether the the or self-cleaning and the the or operations. The PRE while preheating. the reaches the selected the and the the If F and or the and the this function If operation and occurred, the clock and The of the when there the clock. If the function appears the self-cleaning the latch. The only slightly, from the latched the to the right as as Touch the CLEAR/OFF Allow the to cool hour. the back operation. If the function the to the and service. KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF or TIMER ON/OFF Touch this to the Then and to TIMER Light Flashes while the this when the activated. Flashes when the the CLOCK To the clock, this and then the and The of the when the first turned START TIME with the COOKING TIME or SELF CLEAN to the to and START TIME Light Flashes while the this when the function activated. COOKING TIME Touch this and then the or to the amount of food to cook. The off when the cooking COOKING TIME Light while the this when the function activated. Flashes when the the
Clock and and To the clock, the CLOCK If flashing the the clock. the of touching the or Touch the START/ON AUTOMATIC OVEN Light This lights anytime the the COOKING TIME or START TIME OVEN LIGHT ON/OFF Touch this to the light or off. Short to this the or amounts. Touch and the to the or amounts. Short to this increase the or amounts. and the to increase the or amounts. SELF CLEAN Touch this to the self-cleaning function. the the self-cleaning section. CLEAN Light Flashes while the of the self-clean this when the the the self-clean the light off. Unlatch the CLEAR/OFF Touch this to ALL operations the clock and BROIL HI/LO this to the function. BROIL Light Flashes while switch from HI to LO BROIL this when the Lights EDIT seconds the START TIME ON/OFF and COOKING TIME ON/OFF the of these options selected. START TIME selected with BAKE the START TIME the clock reaches the which turn off and the BAKE/TEMP RECALL light light www.GEAppliances.com Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer To burns, the shelves the the The shelf the as as If with than the each least to of around If four cake layers the layers and layers D. the the directly the other. cover shelf with This the heat and the the The shelves stop-locks, that when correctly the (A through F), they completely and and cookware, the to the the shelf To shelf, the front and To the of the (stop-locks) the the front and the How to the or Roasting the BAKE Touch the or the displayed. the START/ON The automatically. The PRE while preheating. the reaches the selected the and the the To the BAKE the BAKE and then the or to the food necessary. Preheating and Preheat the the Preheating when cakes, cookies, and breads. The PRE while preheating. the reaches the selected the and the the cover the with You to the and the tightly to the and the CAUTION: the shelf the lowest (A), to when the that the inches and then, using the holding the of The and the of the and the to burn the when the the lowest (A). the CLEAR/OFF when finished and then the food from the of Food Shelf food cake or cakes C or C or cookies, cakes, C or to catch To sheet of inches below the food.
the The self-cleaning only. finished, the CLEAR/OFF the to the The the the The thickness, and of This based The U.S. of should know that cooking to only 140F food (Source: Food USDA The to the the meat or the the Follow the If connected to preheating the and positioning the higher. LO to cook foods such as or thick of meat thoroughly without over-browning them. and/ Shelf First Food or Thickness evenly. to thick to thick than to thick to cook thick to whole C each with to Breast C first. Product (toast) to evenly. English English and with C through back of with and of to thick) and with and thick) Turn to thick) thick thick (precooked) thick) Chops thick) about Chops thick) about to thick) about of www.GEAppliances.com Touch the BROIL HI/LO once HI To to LO the BROIL HI/LO Touch the START/ON Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
the clock and Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer Not features the clock to the of the reaches the seconds the KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF touched. The only. The CLEAR/OFF the To the Clock The clock to the of the to properly. The of cooking or self-cleaning the CLOCK Touch the or If the or touched within the CLOCK the to the To Turn the Clock If clocks to off the of clock Touch the CLOCK once to off the of Although to the To the The operations. The the hours and Touch the KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF Touch the or the amount of shows the The that than should to hours and To the If the showing the touching the KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF then touching the or the appears the To the Touch the KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF If this the CLOCK and the of the START/ON the of shows the This the and the clock. To the of when the showing other information, the CLOCK The of shows another touched. clock the of Touch the CLOCK to the clock If touch the KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF and the START/ON The counting although the passed. If the the (clock, or cooking the the touching the KITCHEN TIMER ON/OFF and then touching the or to the
the and roasting features. www.GEAppliances.com the with the The self-cleaning only. NOTE: that easilysuch as and porkshould allowed to than hour or the of that the light off heat from the bacteria to and Stop The immediately and cook selected of At the of the cooking the off automatically. Touch the BAKE the or to the Touch the COOKING TIME NOTE: If preheating, to to the of the cooking Touch the or to the The cooking that displayed. (If first and then the the instead). to and Stop The the of cook of and then off automatically. the clock shows the of Touch the BAKE Touch the or to the Touch the COOKING TIME Touch the or to the of cooking Touch the START TIME Touch the or to the of the to and Touch the START/ON NOTE: tone sound and the START/ON The shows the that or the cooking countdown. (The with PRE showing the The to cook the amount of then turn off automatically. the food from the though the off automatically, foods cooking off. NOTE: If would to the the START TIME to the or the COOKING TIME to the of cooking the the of the PRE reaches the selected then the At the of cooking the off and the end-of-cycle tone sound. the food from the though the off automatically, foods cooking off. Touch the START/ON Touch the CLEAR/OFF to clear the necessary. Touch the CLEAR/OFF to clear the necessary. Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
of Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer features that choose to The following the features and them. The activated while the showing the of They the memory the repeated. the shows choice, the START/ON The memory NOTE: The and the Thermostat Features, they the following Hour Shut-Off With this should and the the off the hours or hours function. If to OFF this follow the below. Touch the BAKE and BROIL HI/LO the seconds the shows SF. Touch the CLOCK The ON hour shut-off). Touch the CLOCK repeatedly the shows OFF shut-off). Touch the START/ON to the shut-off and the this
the Sabbath the and www.GEAppliances.com The only. It self-cleaning or NOTE: The light when the and off when the closed. The the Light section. On with light switch the the light turned and the shows the Sabbath. the shows the the shows the Sabbath. the shows the to NOTE: To the using the clock shows the of and the off. Touch and both the BAKE and BROIL HI/LO the the shows SF. the CLOCK appears the Touch the START/ON and appear the Touch the BAKE The to the or to increase or the The and or to and Stop NOTE: To the Immediate and Stop the the clock shows the of and the off. Touch and both the BAKE and BROIL HI/LO the the shows SF. the CLOCK appears the Touch the START/ON and appear the Touch the COOKING TIME Touch the or to the of cooking and hours and The cooking that displayed. the START/ON Touch the BAKE To the the BAKE and the or to increase or the Touch the START/ON NOTE: The CLEAR/OFF and COOKING TIME active the To the the BAKE and the or to increase or the Touch the START/ON cooking finished, the from to indicating that the turned OFF Sabbath. the cooked food. Touch the START/ON of approximately seconds to appear the indicating that the If appear the The to the or to increase or the The and or Touch the START/ON of approximately seconds to appear the indicating that the If appear the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
the the and Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer the thermostatDo yourself! You that cooks than the it replaced. to become with If think too or too cold, the thermostat yourself. thermometers, such as those found stores, to the of These thermometers NOTE: This the or the self-cleaning The retained memory The type of performance! using high-fat products such as or If the the the as with higher-fat cakes, or with low-fat The the of the noticeable these become. products to least Low-fat the other hand, and The high of these affects the and of with or containing least to the Touch the CLEAR/OFF If the of seconds to only the Touch and both the BAKE and BROIL HI/LO the the shows SF. To the Thermostat Touch the BAKE and BROIL HI/LO the seconds the shows SF. Touch the BAKE shows the The to 35F or 35F cooler. Touch the to increase the Touch the to the the CLOCK ON or OFF appears the ON that the off hours. OFF that the off. the section of the Hour Shut-Off Touch the START/ON NOTE: If occurred while the Sabbath, the off and off when the The the the START/ON to back to the of as normally. NOTE: This the or self-cleaning It retained memory
the self-cleaning www.GEAppliances.com force the Forcing the the heavy the Clean with or or the first self-clean the shelves, cookware and from the NOTE: the shelves of the the self-clean or they the front of the and the the to cleaned hand. Clean these with or cleansers such as Soft with and to the Cleaning Follow the the Clean section. the NOTE: force the latch. If the too to the latch. Allow the to cool. Touch the SELF CLEAN Touch the or the Clean displayed. The Clean normally hours and You the Clean to and hours, the amount of Touch the START/ON The self-clean CLEAN displayed and the countdown appears the the The of the withstand It the to intact. If becoming or frayed, heavy the the light and the light off. IMPORTANT: The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another While the self-cleaning, the CLOCK to the of To to the clean countdown, the SELF CLEAN The off when the and the the to the as as and the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
the self-cleaning Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer to the of Cleaning the clock shows the of the Touch the SELF CLEAN the or the Touch the START TIME The earliest appear the the or the of the to the START/ON To Stop Clean Touch the CLEAR/OFF the cooled below the locking to the You to the right the cooled below the locking Clean You white the with cloth the If white them with scouring and thoroughly with and These usually that the If the clean the The the It to the the below the and the LOCKED light off. the LOCKED light off, the You the cooking the cool enough the to unlatched. While the self-cleaning, the CLOCK to the of To to the countdown, the COOKING TIME Apply amount of to and the of the shelves with the towel. with or other
and cleaning of the www.GEAppliances.com off and cleaning of the Clear If cleaning, servicing or reason, the properly when the replaced. to this of the and injury. to To to the of the the to the from of household or cooking The cleaning. To straight off the If to or dishcloth the and and gently. the and or and the cleaning, please that the the OFF the the OFF to Its to the each of the cloth to clean or cleaning, and or of and Polish with cloth. Heating the or the off when the heated. Apply with cloth and allow to and then apply to thoroughly clean and the NOTE: The from It them or or or other such loads. This the To cleansers, cleaners, scouring or cleaners the they the finish. To the the Clean with the back of the The of the to perfectly the the to the clear the the back as as Instructions Instructions Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
and cleaning of the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer Clean the shelves with cleanser or scouring cleaning, the shelves with and with cloth. NOTE: the shelves of the the self-clean or they The This foods (such as or should to the finish. Painted Painted include the top of backguard and the Clean these with and or and The through the right This become It to of the and when the To the shelves easily, apply amount of to and the of the shelves with the towel. with or other If the while or cloth to right the cooled, with and other such as with and or cleansing the cooled. Polish with cloth. cleaners, cleaning or painted The this
The with the to allow or the to If the becoming worn, or or become the should replaced. to Cleaning the To the of the the the cleaned the self-clean to this hand. The the and the cleaned with or scouring and with and The when and the the the To the the the the to the such as screwdriver, required. both of the the top. to the which the and closed. and the clear of the To the both of the the top. To the of the and to thoroughly the top, and front of the You to clean the the of the the If the and of and containing and should wiped immediately. cool, and cleaners, cleaning or the of the www.GEAppliances.com With the the as the seat the of the the of the The notch the hinge seated the of the the If the the seated correctly the of the of Indentation the the front of the cavity to the to lock. the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
and cleaning of the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer to the cover the from the Light CAUTION: light the to the the or to the light cover and cool completely. To the cover: the cover when released. With of the hand, back the cover off the cover. screws to the cover. with and the or cleaning the from the the from the the grease from the and the and with or scouring To the the the front of the the clear the the To the cover: of the light to the of the cover If food the with while and cover with or dishcloth. the burned-on foods. Both the and cleaned with cleaner. Both the and cleaned dishwasher. and anywhere the To the the the the back the front of the and back the clear the the front of the and back
the turned to OFF and the cool to them. properly seated, the locking should the through the notch the To the the back and the turned off the Units To the the to the highest The off To To the cleaning, the first. the back the to free the locking from the the about inch the and the than inch. If the when back NOTE: Repeated of the than inch the permanently the the Then the them covered and hours or overnight. and The cleaned dishwasher. The and the cleaning. The to however, to the There that when the To the of the dishwasher. the to clean, or the Clean the the grease, catch fire. cover the with to the fire or to the cleaning the with and cloth, the to www.GEAppliances.com the the the the the with the the terminals of the through the the and the the and to the the Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
You Service Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer What To With the off, to the The properly completely the Press the BAKE and or the You to cooking SELF CLEAN and or or cleaning Food the the section. improperly or properly the the section. Shelf incorrect Clock and completely properly the grounded light Light or Tighten or the service. Switch operating light Food to the the the section. properly as recommended. Troubleshooting and money! the charts the following first and to service. to the the The improperly With the off, to the The securely the the the and that the the with the or the shelf the the section. Incorrect cookware or cookware of used. the the thermostatDo yourself! thermostat section. the or the blown or the tripped. the the clock and section. improperly the BROIL HI/LO improperly the shelf used. the and that with the the section. the the and properly and as recommended. Preheat the the the of recommended the
What To too thermostat the the thermostatDo yourself! or too section. completely properly grounded Rear Reposition the the crooked top of the instructions the and cleaning of section. Reposition the and cord. the instructions the and the back cleaning of section. self-clean The Allow the to cool to and too high to self-clean the Crackling or This the sound of the This sound heating and cooling both the cooking and cleaning Press the CLEAR/OFF the to the of the light the SELF CLEAN off. the and the clean too Allow the to cool below locking properly the the self-cleaning section. heavily Clean heavy the Heavily to self-clean or of the the or the or the tripped. improperly the the section. the If necessary, allow the to cool; then the of the Rear Reposition the the top of the instructions the and cleaning of section. operation. improperly the the self-cleaning section. the locked the the to the right. www.GEAppliances.com Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
service Troubleshooting Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer What To F and You function Press the CLEAR/OFF the back or operation. the If the function to the least seconds and then If the function service. On self-cleaning function appears the self-cleaning the latch. The slightly, from the the to the right as as Press the CLEAR/OFF Allow the to cool hour. the back operation. flashes The or to then with from the house to the tone miswired. the or the or the tripped. flashes the clock. to the The BAKE and BROIL HI/LO to SF properly. the and seconds. or the clock. If the clock flashes the CLEAR/OFF the clock and cooking function. or oily This To the process, self-clean from and of hours. the the the cleaning section. from the insulation This temporary. around the of the the first the used. The clock turned off from the the clock and section. showing the
GE Service Protection GE, and offers Service Protection protection What Brand! GE covered Unlimited service and included out-of-pocket One to You completely with service protection or money back the of Its that Protect dishwasher, washer and TV, VCR and brand! theres charge service and monthly coverage and food protection offered. You easy, that household products protected repairs. GE and the U.S. toll-free information. covered, to years the U.S. Please and Warranty P.O. KY Appliance. Anywhere.
Consumer Product Ownership Dear Customer: Thank purchasing and thank to as customer! If with and the below to that or www.GEAppliances.com. Follow these three to investment: Complete and Consumer Product Ownership the of of knowing the of Consumer Product Ownership Ms. Mrs. First Street City State Month GE Consumer Products www.GEAppliances.com Please to offers and other from GE Appliances (GEA). to from selected GE Appliances FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS CARD DOES NOT DIMINISH YOUR WARRANTY RIGHTS. information about and to www.GEAppliances.com and or the below, this It information should service. service 800.GE.CARES Address* It properly.
Notes Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
Notes Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
Notes Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
Accessories Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer Something You these and www.GEAppliances.com or business hours). Light Cleaning Scraper Tired of racks? extra-heavy-duty racks? GEs self-cleanable porcelain-coated racks! www.GEAppliances.com information. NOW AVAILABLE to cleaned self-cleaning
GE Warranty. warranty service Factory Service or authorized Customer technician. To service, hours or 800.GE.CARES The Of: GE One of the which to or workmanship. this From the of the one-year warranty, GE free of charge, and in-home service to purchase the What GE Not Service to to teach to the installation, or of the abused, or other than the or commercially. of house or of This warranty to the purchaser and products purchased within the USA. the warranty the of or service to home. allow the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from to To know what rights or office or Attorney Warrantor: Company. KY to the caused fire, or acts of or caused with this caused Staple of the purchase to service the warranty. Instructions Instructions and Cleaning Troubleshooting Consumer
Consumer Support. GE Appliances www.GEAppliances.com or with the GE Appliances hours of the and service, or service You Team of and Service www.GEAppliances.com GE service only from and service hours of the 800.GE.CARES business hours. www.GEAppliances.com GE the Universal services and that people of and the to of physical and and of GEs Universal applications, including ideas people with the hearing impaired, please 800.TDD.GEAC Warranties www.GEAppliances.com Purchase GE warranty and learn about discounts that while warranty You purchase it anytime, or business GE Consumer Services there warranty and www.GEAppliances.com Individuals to service their or directly to their (VISA, MasterCard and accepted). hours every or phone business hours. Instructions this cover to Other servicing should to service exercised, servicing operation. www.GEAppliances.com If with the service from GE, with the including phone or write to: Customer Relations GE Appliances, Appliance KY Appliance www.GEAppliances.com allow and service the of warranty, should the You the included the Printed the United States