SG and Instructions
Introduction Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the the with the or to This to operated of or The to cook You it other It and from the The instructions and where fitted. If the already that instructions followed. If included to the right and of things. The right shows something RATING PLATE This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (Where the rating from the as this the
Lighting the The The hotplate The cooking chart cooking and cleaning the information What and why? Servicing instructions Technical Location of testing
Lighting the Lighting the The of battery. to the Hotplate To light the You the hotplate when the the and turn to the (highest and the immediately. the release the Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. If the of the while of the hotplate the This because would the stayed when the closed. the to off the as cut-off This only off the when the closed. The when the Please If lighting hotplate the hotplate off. that the correctly. information.
The and the operated the them both the To light: the the and turn to the right to the (highest the immediately. the release the the when the Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. cover the or with as this to fires. To light: the the and it to the to Press the immediately. the release the There first. the to the the showing the to the the Lighting the
Lighting the To light: the the and to and the immediately. the release the There first. the to the the showing the To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the the
The The high-speed The instructions below to the heat and to the height of the to the food You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. to using the that the to off from the this emitted, it therefore to first the hear sounds as the heats this and the The and the You the when the when the used. children should cover the or with as this to fires. Heat The heat The to the right from 'OFF' to 'LOW' and then to 'HIGH'. the high cooking such as toast. the to cook thicker food such as the high The
The There the counted from the top food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight the shelf. This when the top of food such as The the from the shelves the It that them the shelf with the the the should the and the the the Turn the off the that the when the You the to plates when the Preheating You to preheat the You to preheat of when or food. Positioning food the food such as toast, and the of the food which heat, such as and the of the meat products and to their thickness and them cooked.
The and The with To the the the the that the the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from Service Force The
The hotplate The hotplate You the hotplate when the If lighting hotplate hotplate off and that the correctly. light the the information. Heat The hotplate anticlockwise from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. You the heat turning the the highest and lowest These shown as and The hotplate three to of food such as chips. (Normal) food such as and stews. The which should The of the should than and off the them the
to burns and when reaching the with bases. They than which warped. with heavy which the to the of the they when cover the with If the catches fire, where and off cloth or the to smother the the fire. the to cool If as the If round based with the of the type. closed the performance of the the that the the follow the instructions that with the the as or board. this the and reduce its strength. The hotplate
The hotplate hints the of the If the round the of the wasting heat the amount of with whenever The food heat and there the cooking than the and This they cook and
The the should them with cloth. This Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods that the If cooking than of items, cakes or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to You should turn food round the cooking Preheating You to preheat the or and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the the to reheat food should preheat the to to preheat the shelves You the shelves of the counted from the top There the The
The The the from the shelves the the shelf with the the The plate when the This the cooking performance. cooking should the when cooking or cake the the of the to allow enough to around the food. the If to shelf completely, as as the front and To the the front the to the the front and the trays and the from the that which If or which than this, to around The of which should the should than the with the the of the shelf. You to items around Turn food round the cooking dishes, and the This the as as the cookware and possibly the covering the of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food the Shelf
Roasting roasting or to It necessary to cover or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to cooktimes. If roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the This and nothing to about. The when heat and Whenever try to that food which of covered. If straight The
cooking chart If cooking than of items, or the around the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher shelf to These instructions cooking the pre-heated If both the to the cooking least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the cooking chart the the of the shelf. cooking Shelf Food and and and and and and and and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. Roasting meat:
and and and cooking Shelf Food or below and Poultry: The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each as weight including stuffing. Thoroughly thaw cooking them. Yorkshire hours 2-2hours hours hour Christmas cake cakes cooking chart
cooking chart To the cook or plates and cooking Shelf Food Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) and Yeast cook then reduce to the cook You beans then them them to
These instructions cooking the pre-heated If using both the to the cooking the centrally the and food around the cooking You the and cooking to cooking chart It to that food The recommended the and and and cooking Shelf Food Shelf Roasting meat: and and Shelf and and Shelf and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. cooking chart
cooking chart and Shelf and Poultry: cooking Shelf Food The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each as including stuffing. Thaw thoroughly cooking them. hours hours hour Yorkshire Shelf Christmas To the cook or plates and Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust)
cooking Shelf Food You beans then them them to cooking chart
cooking Please There cook the The cook heat the It useful when and the cheaper, tougher of meat You to cook food the to cook This that the of the food enough to the food Turn to such as and cooking the too Cover food cooking to from You food the hour normally Food preparation-slow cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. of hours. of cooked meat thermometer, that internal of least o C reached roasting or Thaw meat and of from and first. then reduce to the cook
Soups, and cook Bring to the the hotplate then cook cook. the of the or food with tight or then to meat food with tight or then reduce to the cook Cover the with and allow to and the the then reduce to the cook cooking foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of retained there the of the cooking slightly as there and products, towards the of the cooking to curdling. Reheating food should cooled and Not reheat food the cook Reheat food conventionally or microwave. Food reheated once. cooking
and cleaning and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended. Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean cloth that and using cloth. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the The hotplate Clean the hotplate top such as to the If the the light. You the and crowns to clean them. to the If food cooking the another to Then the and clean them the 'burns
You the You that the and the and the crown with food or cleaning Clean the crowns them You scouring with such as If the crowns this they reasonably clean. the with based the Clean the to the with such as cleaning the them thoroughly them back. hotplate Crown to to force the crown to the that the the crown the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown centrally the top of the crown and front to back to the properly fitted. If light then to the crown and and cleaning
and cleaning The and top Clean the and top the and then or such as Clean the shelf necessary. The heat the the of the the shelf. You the from the shelf. You the to cleaning The clean the The to cleaning. Cleaning the the the to become from operating correctly. Please that to the of the through of This and the Clean the around the the and then clean or such as Clean the necessary.
The The top, and back of the coated which to clean. Follow these to the appearance of the finish. or they too high the If they to the roasting with This roasting which enough the and This to reduce that to If they there splashing. Follow the cleaning regularly. and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning You to follow the to the of the The type of cooking often to follow the If of roasting and other should follow the cleaning once If roasting to follow the cleaning To cleaning the shelves. the to least Turn the to hours or the clean. cleaning or the of the the finish. Clean the of the the shelves, and the while they slightly This easily splashes and the with cloth that You
the This and serviced as stated the editions and the IEE Regulations. It that the supply. should the rating that fitted. Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further
Positioning The shows to the shelves, and fitted. the and the instructions to If which catch fire or the which higher than the hotplate If the instructions. that to or the British Appliance Height to hotplate: Width: Depth: (to front of
information of the of the with items which catch fire or leads such as of the You or coverings when the The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. To the the the off its front from the the the back to the and there the each corner. The The the months. If the to the battery. The the of the the of the front. to the battery, the the and the as shown the The to AA the battery, the with to the the the of the You light the with match to the battery. information
information try to the from the the supply as the instructions. If this the the who the
What and why? that the following Service Force The or hotplate light. If only the hotplate light that the correctly. instructions If hear or the when the enough to light the You to the battery. instructions to this You light the with match to the battery. that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. that the and to the or to the cleaning of the that the instructions and cleaning, followed. What and why?
What and why? The cooking evenly. that the properly and that the recommended trays. that the recommended and If cooking item to round Turn round food the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk through the information the heading 'What and why? should that the the heading 'What and why?' as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service to the of the and of this information this P.N.C. Servicing
Servicing only to or the as this that service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or as follows: to this recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone directory Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ of Ireland
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Please that the and type and from that shown the Please that the type and from that shown the Where and L.P. of this that this the type of the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. front. Plate top of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height to hotplate (to front of fixing hotplate clearance fixing hotplate 'Location of Appliance' hotplate (If cooker to the instructions). of from CONNECTIONS Rear of hotplate B.S.P. IGNITION Battery AA GRILL L.P. Heat HOTPLATE R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F Heat L.P. Heat MAIN OVEN L.P. Heat Thermostat
SECOND OVEN L. P. Heat GENERAL H. T. GAS CATEGORY COUNTRIES OF DESTINATION CAT. 2H GB, IE CAT. GB, IE IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions. the following British of BS. BS.5440: and B.S.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and connected with the regulations. to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Current Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE This bed-sitting of than or bathroom shower or It that the as stated below shelves, and of directly the top of hotplate and the hotplate when with the of the If the to to the than the then of the of the and the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of each and the of the The to the height to hotplate of L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other than
INSTALLATION PARTS REQUIRED The hotplate and the top of the LEVELLING THE APPLIANCE the front and the rear the of the to obtained rotating or the from the of the should of the shelves to the correctly FITTING THE STABILITY BRACKET It recommended that the to with supply (SK.4729.A) and from These instructions should with the with the the its and off from the of the as shown 'A', This the of the fixing from the front of the and from its off 'B' back from this the of the to the front of the (with fixing to the then the height from to back of 'C' of to that of 'C' Reposition and that top back as shown (B) (A) (C)
CONNECTING TO GAS This to with only. should that R/8. to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the hotplate the of the NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS TO BE USED WHEN INLET GAS PIPE IS FITTED TO RESET VALVE I.E.: DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. SEALANT TAPE. Carry to the supply. The the indicated account that to the sufficiently. The hose caught the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS. CURRENT EDITION. L.P.G. FLEXIBLE CONNECTIONS MUST BE OF TYPE SUITABLE FOR L.P.G. AND CAPABLE OF OPERATION UP TO AND TO CARRY RED STRIPE, BAND OR LABEL. FITTING THE BATTERY The located the hand of the front plinth. To to the battery, the and the the to the the battery. the of the PRESSURE TESTING The as the from each and front cover. back the right hand of the the from the right hand of the and off whilst easing and to the F.S.D. phial. the to the injector. the supply turning the thermostat and hotplate and light the The should The to or Turn off the the and and cover, that the F.S.D. correctly located the the of CHECKING THE GRILL the containing the with the attached, the Light the turning the and the the as the the released.
CHECKING THE HOTPLATE the the crowns and that they correctly seated. the each of the hotplate turn turning the hotplate to and the as the the released. CHECKING LID CUT-OFF DEVICE the Turn and hotplate There should supply to the hotplate and the Turn off the hotplate the The supply should to the hotplate when the turned CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN Turn the thermostat to and the as the alight the released. There should to the which the F.S.D. the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. which allows the supply to the that the covers the of the and the to the and that about the reduced. Turn off the and that the CHECKING THE SECOND OVEN Turn the thermostat anticlockwise to and the button. as the alight the released. the lights there should first to the which the F.S.D. by-pass the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the to the and that the reduced. Turn off the and that the GENERAL NOTE the user to the and its the to the the cover which the of the
SG
If of the item below please Service Force the The of this OFF DESCRIPTION shelves crowns Battery If this from Service Force
IMPORTANT NOTICE with of research and the right to and specifications without This instruction the of superseded or appearance Normal Crown N.G. Crown L.P.G. Crown Normal Crown NOTE to BSI of the PARKINSON COWAN HIGH STREET, SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE, SL1 1DZ. TELEPHONE