INSTRUCTION BOOK FOR ELECTROLUX PREMIER COOKER HOOD EPHOOD UK
Thank To to effectively and please this instruction using the and reference. If the of the or further information Products, please Customer To ownership, please and the with the the Information Appliance Instructions The To Extraction and Cleaning Cleaning Charcoal To the Charcoal Synthetic Grease To the Grease the Light Something Not Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The following found the text to through the instruction Customer High Street SL1 1DZ instructions instructions the Instructions Technical Information the Ducting Positioning Clearance Height Clearance Height other Appliances Charcoal Unpacking the Wall To the Ducting To the Charcoal Wall the to the Wall Service Force To ownership, please and the with the
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer or This with the instructions and to. If the then the with the of BS.6172, BS.5440 and BS.6891 and BS.5482 (LP the Regulations, the Building Regulations issued the of the the Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) issued the Scottish The of this cooker incorporates which the below the height recommended section Clearance or the becomes overheated. If the activated, switch off the and allow the to cool. The when the cooled significantly. It to the specifications or this the the If the where the to burning such as heating then its of the sealed or type. If other of or that there supply of to the The ducting this to existing which other IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION with high Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the This only. as over-heated and might catch fire. cooking this the and Service This the synthetic and charcoal as recommended. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction. to Service Force
This to from the To the performance to switch the cooking and finishing. The located the right the front the The Normal Light ON/OFF On To Select the and light required. YOUR APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
The to or The cooker effective when the The cooker specified the with the charcoal fitted. the through the charcoal to and the through Extraction the the the cooker through the grease and through the to the atmosphere. the selected the charcoal required. cooking this cooker when and frying as heated and might catch fire. the cooker the when the the the switched heating covered with and when the and
carrying or cleaning isolate the from the supply. The clean, of grease or fire Cleaning the with using wear protective when cleaning the scouring or cleaners. amounts of when cleaning around the Charcoal The charcoal cleaned. The should least three months or the than three hours To Remove/Replace the Charcoal the and the the screw from the of the charcoal while holding the securely. Clean the and the charcoal MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING
Synthetic Grease The which from of the white the becomes with grease the coloured to and the indicating that the reached and replaced. The synthetic grease cleaned. It washed. To the Synthetic Grease the Press the catches and the from the front. the right of the clears the and then the ease the Clean the and the the with and from children as they This fire the grease and charcoal cleaned and as recommended. the Light If to function that the screwed the If occurred then should with 220-240V 40W clear with E14 screw thread. Charcoal grease and light obtained from Service Force
If, followed these instructions to properly please the following Symptom The The effectively The switched off If these the Service Force the and Please that necessary to of purchase service If or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to Service Force The the back of the SOMETHING NOT WORKING SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the connected to the electricity supply. the switch the ON The high enough the The grease clean. The to allow the of fresh If that the charcoal effective. If that the and outlets The tripped. off the and then the to should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. with or further information products please Customer Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this built-in or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property of this and to these hours which charged. EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which This to and rights. ELECTROLUX EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough GUARANTEE CONDITIONS
It to the or to this Technical Information DIMENSIONS HEIGHT: WIDTH: DEPTH: DEPTH WITH VISOR OPEN: WEIGHT GROSS: NET: ELECTRICAL SUPPLY: POWER CONSUMPTION: 190W FAN MOTOR: 110W LAMP: 80W SUITABLE FOR INSTALLATION ABOVE: ELECTRIC HOB: 7KW GAS HOB: 10KW SLOT-IN GAS COOKER 13.5KW SLOT-IN ELECTRIC COOKER 12.4KW WARNING: DOUBLE INSULATED-DO NOT EARTH comply with the I.E.E. and Electricity regulations. this should Electricity or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). to the supply that the to the the rating the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CE that this with the EEC compatibility) and and 72/23/E. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS This with and permanently connected to the electricity supply switch each Switched Unit to BS.1363 with supply accessory to with the to instructions. This conforms to BS.800: and EEC Directive of and interference.
Please that when the easily to the of breakdown. comply with the authorities the of Incorrect the of this the to which the to or If to the to or then should sufficiently reinforced to the of the cooker mounting and the this type of fixing supplied). Ducting The fire and the should than: with with of than reduce the efficiency of the and reduce the Positioning The to cooking the clearance stated, the of the beneath the the Technical Specifications. If the output of the below the the please to the instructions. INSTALLING THE COOKER HOOD
Clearance (as specified the below) the the of the and the of the cooker MODEL FRONT LEFT REAR LEFT REAR RIGHT FRONT RIGHT TOTAL EPCH EPEH EPGH Clearance other Appliances other of cooking the as follows: clearance height of when built-in or when built-in clearance height of when or when the the and the the of the and the If the height of the than of of the This cooker cooking with high A: clearance B: clearance C: clearance D: clearance
The to this cooker found with the instruction the and consists of the following: Ducting plate The to the the the back of the the the the screw (A) as the that the and At this to allow clear the to to the screws and or servicing. the screws and to of The effective when the to the purchased through or DIY and ducted to of The from fire which should to the British or DIN4102-B1. the ducted externally the charcoal and the the
To the Ducting the ducting and the the with the the and anti-clockwise to the and plate the charcoal and the the To the Charcoal the and the the screw from the of the charcoal while holding the securely. The charcoal The charcoal and the the Wall the cooker beneath type of to the with the instructions. the template to the the of the the front of the template with the front of the the with as stated the The four If the or
To the the the catches located of the the front. The from the front. the right of the clears the and then the the when from the The screws of the back Turn the screws clockwise to the front of the and to the right to the the security The and when the the the through the the screws. the the washers and to the
High Street BERKSHIRE SL1 1DZ Household Appliances