EPSON TWAIN
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Copyright Notice SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. copying of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted and and each to and of copyright when using and those as broad as people EPSON Concerning of Copyrighted
EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Perfection and EPSON FaxAdvice and EPSON SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective ET0899-00 Copyright Inc., California, USA
Introduction software and that software. It the interface professional text character (OCR) and EPSON TWAIN the interface text NewSoft allowing to and their of types, from and white text to EPSON TWAIN includes and the Automatically and the helpful the or of of and and to text and clear from graphic when with text and Text Introduction
Advanced (the interface shown; the of the EPSON TWAIN the the to Select the basic Source Destination to increase or the the increase the or and Scan the Introduction
EPSON Scan! II only), basic and exporting of that with using the EPSON (Macintosh) or Scan EPSON to to EPSON TWAIN with these the software, the following Microsoft NT or (USB PC with built-in USB or or PCI the SCSI (included with the Perfection 1200S) VGA or higher with or higher recommended) and or recommended) reproduction of including the and tone the and software. Introduction
EPSON TWAIN the Apple ColorSync and QuickTime. (Perfection 1200U), or SCSI (Perfection or G3 USB interface or 1200S) Apple or or the OS OS software. If the If Apple from the Apple recommended) and or recommended) with or higher instructions EPSON TWAIN, the This what to know to with EPSON TWAIN and the TWAIN to This type and such as with the optional and Advanced Scanning advanced EPSON TWAIN and TWAIN. and tone correction, and Scanning instructions basic and of Introduction the EPSON TWAIN to EPSON Scan! II, the and EPSON only).
the instructions and using one-touch scanning. Troubleshooting to At the and Index Notes, and to to Notes information about this information throughout text (cross-reference) to other of this Click the text with the to the referenced information. hints scanning. Introduction
Scanning scanning, the EPSON TWAIN software that EPSON TWAIN, such as or (as the and the software that scanning. only) with EPSON TWAIN instead. with the EPSON Scan! II of the If with the optional or these sections scanning instructions: This chapter instructions Starting EPSON TWAIN Selecting Scan Scanning with the Scanning EPSON Scan! II EPSON Scan! II. instructions with Scanning
software. The Follow the this section to EPSON TWAIN from to the the and the Then the instructions. Starting EPSON TWAIN turning the software software If properly. or Select Source and then TWAIN_32 Select the the and choose Source or TWAIN Select software selecting the its Click to the such as applications. Other instructions The this with with section cover scanning. EPSON TWAIN scanning. the and choose or and then TWAIN_32 or TWAIN (Macintosh). Select EPSON TWAIN or EPSON TWAIN and Scanning EPSON TWAIN Click to
One of the EPSON TWAIN appears. that, the that the closed EPSON The first EPSON TWAIN, the TWAIN. To switch the the or Advanced Advanced advanced Scan and Advanced Scanning The Advanced and Both the and Advanced the to Selecting The noted this from EPSON TWAIN they the The options. the Scanning
optional (TPU) or You to the Source (ADF) Source Destination and (Advanced to four only). Selecting the when that appear optional Source option as the Source If the optional or If from the of the following options the Source to inches) using the of ADF (Macintosh) optional photograph) with the Then originals (such as reflective If as the Source option. to off the Scanning or Scanning with with the optional or such as scanning with the TPU with the such as TPU Scanning the
These other TWAIN that You the each the type of and the Select of the following from of or photographs the the To the selected, Character text that input OCR optionally the Text OCR and white photographs Black White You the these options or information. text and graphic that to or the Copy Scanning
and sharpness the where to or from the Destination These the Select of the following or within of Destination button. To the selected, the Destination the to or to OCR Character OCR EPSON EPSON You the these options or information. Destination Scanning
Advanced necessary. Then from the The from to inch). You type If to the Advanced to the such as or the The and Destination choose the With that or ColorSync ICM, using or when ColorSync If or selecting to increase the the to quality. Source and Its to actually Advanced to the Advanced necessary. Then To information selecting information. and ready to the Scan button. The appears Click the to the EPSON TWAIN and to Advanced Scanning information the of the TWAIN the To or software, software Scan instructions. Scanning
You the Advanced to the of scanning. allows to the and height of the and the to the the Advanced the Scan You memory or that when Although the the the If to the and Then the the instructions. If to and closing EPSON TWAIN, or other options, and Scanning instructions.
around or of the To follow these the the the becomes If the to the the as the the creating the the of the to and the Release the when the the To the of the the Batch and then batch the of You Scanning If to the or or the Scanning
the as the To and its width-to-height of the arrow. Click the and the sideways, or to the To the its the to double-headed to hand. Click the and anywhere the the the to where To the To anywhere the Scanning
Advanced Scanning The instructions this chapter to these advanced operations: Scanning such as and such as the highlights, and Source and and Scanning with the Destination The this from they the EPSON TWAIN options. noted the The Custom and Batch Scanning such as and Correction Advanced Scanning
then the with the optional (TPU) to the EPSON TWAIN. and turned the instructions. Scanning optional photograph) with the Then originals (such as Source option; to off the reflective If as the Source Destination and (Advanced to four only). Follow these such as with the TPU of the following options the Source the type of scanning: of Selecting instructions. with the such as TPU inches. Advanced Scanning
These other TWAIN that You the each the type of and the Select of the following from of or photographs the the To the selected, Character text that input OCR optionally the Text OCR and white photographs Black White You the these options or own information. text and graphic that to or the Copy Advanced Scanning
and sharpness the where to or from the Destination These the Select of the following or EPSON EPSON of Destination To the selected, the Destination the to or to OCR Character OCR The the Destination choose based the selected You the these options or information. Destination Advanced Scanning
The from to Advanced necessary. Then from the You type such as or If to the Advanced to the the The and Destination choose the With that or ColorSync when ICM, or (Macintosh). using ColorSync If or selecting to increase the the to quality. Source and Its to actually Advanced to the Advanced necessary. Then To information selecting information. and Configuring ready to the Scan The appears Click the to the EPSON TWAIN and to To or software, software Advanced Scanning information the of the TWAIN the Scan instructions. Advanced Scanning
the ADF and or with the optional (ADF) as shown below. to the basic EPSON TWAIN. Scanning with the the ADF The inches). option the Source You to Select the ADF or (Macintosh) there the there the and OK Follow these to with the ADF and EPSON TWAIN: The inches. Advanced Scanning
Select the as the below. OCR Character to the OCR such as graphics Colors photographs of with the optional option; Selecting Source If the as the text that input OCR optionally the Text OCR and white photographs Black White information the instructions. text and graphic that to or the Copy Advanced Scanning
and sharpness the where to or from the Destination These the Select of the following options: with sharpness of information the Destination The and Destination choose these options to OCR the to the the If to to or EPSON EPSON to OCR OCR Destination Advanced Scanning
You the first of and the To Advanced to the Advanced necessary. Then the You type the The from to Advanced necessary. Then from the If to the Advanced to the information With that or ColorSync when ICM, or ColorSync appears To the and the of the automatically. Source and around the and the and height the ADF and The appears the EPSON The the first (or only) of the TWAIN the ADF the first (or only) the ADF top of and Advanced Scanning
Click the Scan You this finished, the EPSON TWAIN of each EPSON TWAIN the If and (or only) appears follow the instructions to as necessary. Click (to or (to Then OK Advanced Scanning
EPSON TWAIN or types. Click the You the the options the Advanced You the To type, type with type the the top of the the as and from the Then type To the of of the types, from the the and Advanced Scanning To type, the and
and white Black White the of the tone The below the to newspaper photographs C Converts the tone with of tones (Soft of and Converts the toned dither Dither dither Dither dither Dither dither Dither C Advanced Scanning
Scans as white they appear Scans as white they appear Includes Scans Scanning Scans as white they appear Automatically from On Scans the highest from graphics when containing text and text Selects and white options the background when text and OCR Character Text B/W Option* Black and White Advanced Scanning when the to or Black White when the to Black White
Click the Destination the EPSON TWAIN You the Destination options EPSON TWAIN or Destination You the the Destination options of own. Destination To type the the top of the the as and To the Destination and To the of of the from the Destination the and Advanced Scanning
Destination options The and sharpness each of the Destination options the below: to to EPSON The the Destination option based the select: If selected or Black White as the the the OCR the the If selected OCR or Copy as the used. to the You the the EPSON TWAIN the Destination option. Advanced Scanning
The Source and height the of the or of the You type and height to specify exactly of the to Source and rounded or the The and height without first of or to the the To the of the Source and and height or from the inches You type width and height to using the The these as The and height the of the exactly. Selecting or selecting the to to increase the If the Click to the The shows the of the KB or MB, To the and height the based the and selected instructions the Advanced Scanning
The field the amount which or reduced scanning. Scaling the The of the the You the the clicking the or right arrow, or the field. EPSON TWAIN includes features to scanning, as these Selecting the to If to increase the instructions the Advanced Scanning
Highlight, and the automatically. the the the Advanced to Click the the turned when from the Scan the with the without ADF and Text to everything the the the the Text Advanced Scanning
the to rough The exactly around the If the than the instructions). Then the automatically. Advanced Scanning
the to the following Highlight select. the Advanced to the Click the Threshold when turned Text You cant the and Advanced Scanning or right arrows, or type the field the right. the To the the the the instructions using the buttons.
the intensity of light the as of the Highlight and from to (brightest) the amount of from (lowest) to (highest) The the below. of the from (lightest) to the amount of the brightest Highlight the amount of the of from (lightest) to as or white from (lightest) to the which the Threshold The Threshold only when the to Black White and the to the Threshold active, the of the Advanced Scanning
You the Highlight and buttons to the as the highlight and Click and the the the to Then that to as the highlight or the The beneath the to that the Correction the Advanced to the Tone Correction highlights, and of This You Tone Correction to the the the without dramatically Click the Tone Correction turned Correction when the to You cant Tone to Black White, or Text tone correction and buttons tone Advanced Scanning
the buttons the that the tone red, or three Once selected the to the buttons, these to the tones: characteristic to its right. the top the the tone the the Highlight characteristic. Select of from the tone correction type You tone correction Select Linear High or as below. the field (the of other its checkbox. The each To its the tone the tone to the tone Tone Correction The tone correction the to the the to the to To tone correction first the the Then To its the tone correction and Tone Correction Advanced Scanning
You the and of the the Advanced to the Click the the the Scan without or Black White the You cant to Advanced Scanning
photograph caused The the tones the to appear You to this the three that together to the unbalanced. the photo and the to the the Select that from the tones the The and corrected appear the the the (from to the clicking the or right arrow, or the field the right. First the and the The to To the Intensity, follow these saturated) moving the clicking the or right arrow, or the from to the field the right. amount of each while the of increases or the the Advanced Scanning
You the or and easily when You of the EPSON TWAIN of them once; Batch Scanning Click the the Advanced to the Custom To group, type the to The currently selected EPSON TWAIN the right. the the top of the Then Whenever to the its and OK Advanced Scanning To group, its the then
To or with of batch Follow these the highlight the to include the batch using the or Ctrl only) and each of to with, each as Custom Batch Scanning to turned to batch batch or scanning. batch this the batch highlight TWAIN the once each and the software. Click the Batch Scan the Batch Scan Advanced Scanning
You EPSON and options they the whenever the Click the to the and when preview, or TWAIN, the To the and the and (the as as Click the to high-speed of the preview). To whenever EPSON TWAIN, the checkbox. Advanced Scanning
when If using that 98/NT or ColorSync to closely. (To the of selected checkbox, cant the If the 98/NT or ColorSync To the each the and software To ColorSync, that with and with or operating instructions. You should With ColorSync photographs), or charts and Advanced Scanning
the EPSON TWAIN These sections instructions the with EPSON TWAIN to and the the EPSON the EPSON Scan! II The one-touch with the when software, and the software. If Scan the and EPSON TWAIN the of these EPSON the EPSON TWAIN the instructions
EPSON TWAIN the of the If the or to the EPSON of EPSON TWAIN. the EPSON Follow the instructions operating these Click to and the the with Follow these to the with the Click the and or EPSON TWAIN 95/NT) 95/NT should to users this Devices the EPSON TWAIN
If necessary, the Devices Click the then the On the the You this Click the You the following: when together; however, try the from to them match The perfectly as closely as the EPSON TWAIN
Click and the or the or right the of the match as closely as Click OK The as the Destination EPSON TWAIN. Click OK the to them and to the the EPSON and EPSON You the following the Follow these to Click and the or the or right the of the match as closely as when the from The match as closely as together; however, to them perfectly the EPSON TWAIN Click OK The as the Screen Destination EPSON TWAIN.
EPSON Scan! II with EPSON that with instead of scanning. however, with of the or another TWAIN only) choose to EPSON Scan! II. EPSON Scan! II scanning, the EPSON TWAIN software (as the These sections to EPSON Scan! II: Exporting with EPSON Scan! II Scanning with EPSON Scan! II Scanning with EPSON Scan! II to the the and turned the and the instructions. To EPSON Scan! II, the EPSON Scan! II the EPSON Follow the this section to using EPSON TWAIN with EPSON Scan! II. Scan! II turning the If EPSON software properly. the EPSON TWAIN
Select the and choose Select Source and and once, when You to EPSON Scan! II the first EPSON TWAIN scanning. Choose from the Click to the Select and EPSON TWAIN Select the EPSON TWAIN
One of the EPSON TWAIN appears. instructions selecting EPSON TWAIN Selecting Advanced ready to the Scan The appears EPSON Scan! II Click the to the EPSON TWAIN to to EPSON Scan! II. To other features, Other EPSON Scan! II To image-editing read, Exporting with EPSON Scan! II and Advanced Scanning the EPSON TWAIN
its that other If them EPSON Scan! of the to with EPSON Scan! II them image-editing or publishing them with EPSON Scan! II only. of of that other EPSON Scan! II Exporting with EPSON Scan! II EPSON Scan! II; You other EPSON Scan! II You of the the below. Format exporting and white with G3 TIFF (*.TIF) Photographic exporting or with JPEG (*.JPG) Format exporting or with JPEG TIFF (JPEG) (*.TIF) exporting and white with G3 and or with JPEG PICT Encapsulated EPS (*.EPS) the EPSON TWAIN
You already EPSON Scan! II or the and option, which and the instructions these Exporting Scanned Exporting Scanned and Exporting the EPSON Scan! II from the You the EPSON Scan! II and as Scanning Select the to the Format Select the and to which to the the the as with EPSON Scan! II Click The and to the EPSON Scan! II the EPSON TWAIN
EPSON Scan! II as Scanning with EPSON Scan! II Select from the You of the EPSON TWAIN instructions selecting EPSON TWAIN Selecting and Advanced To and operation, follow these and Exporting ready to the Scan You the Click EPSON Scan! II and then the Select the to the Format Select the and which to the the the as Scanning the EPSON TWAIN and to the EPSON Scan! II the EPSON TWAIN
EPSON Scan! II and copying them other as the sections below. To the of the EPSON Scan! II the Other EPSON Scan! II the The higher the of Select the option each the appears the the the appears. This option the the fits the EPSON Scan! II The the Select the option to the of the the than the the EPSON TWAIN
You or of EPSON Scan! II and then another Follow these To the copying, the and choose Select You around the around the to You around the To of the the and selected. Copying the to then the which the to appear. Select (or another as necessary). The appears (To the anywhere the the and Copy the EPSON TWAIN
the With one-touch scanning, the the and while and then scanning with and EPSON TWAIN automatically. You to another The one-touch such as to another as the such as Photoshop and Then and (or another instructions). With To the the other that to with to to the Follow the instructions these sections to scanning: Scanning the ready to the follow the instructions Scanning with the
Scan the and the TWAIN including these EPSON TWAIN the operating and (or another These with Follow the these sections to EPSON and NT EPSON and NT the
If to (or scanning, follow these (and other when and ready to to The Scan the and the Click the and You this Click to and the Devices If necessary, the Devices Click the then the the
Click the You this To scanning, the appears the checkbox. checkbox than prompted the to to Then the each to to with the If To scanning, the when the button. Click OK the
The EPSON with EPSON TWAIN the PC and to with when the and NT If to the EPSON the computing the following: EPSON from the (located to the clock). Right-mouse-click the You momentarily appear as EPSON establishes with the From the EPSON EPSON Choose from the To the following: every from the EPSON from the To EPSON The EPSON appears the to the clock. the
and to with The EPSON with EPSON TWAIN the when the If to the EPSON the following: Select EPSON from the Apple the EPSON Select EPSON from the Apple the EPSON Click the to Click the to To the following: Click OK Click OK the
to directly to the To with Scan and assign or to the the to (or another The Scan appears the whenever (If appear, the and the the or Scan option.) Scanning To other the instructions. with the assigned to the The as the where the (You them to Follow the instructions these sections to the Scan Destination to the Scan Destination to the The that the the Reassigning Destinations the Scan Selecting Scan
Scan Click the the and Scan You the the the To assign another to the follow these Destination to the which the or the TWAIN interface, Selecting Scan If to or the the to assign to the To the or assigned to the its the If to and only the Scan to then to when the the Scan the Scan to with when the button, the Scan If to EPSON TWAIN within the Click OK
If to or to the Scan follow these the and Scan You the Scan Click the necessary. Destination to the Scan Scan to Click the arrow the Scan to or Scan to (Macintosh) The Scan to the and or to appears the that to. Select the the only). Click the On the Macintosh, the the
the the field. On Macintosh, OK to the If the TWAIN Interface checkbox active, whether to the EPSON TWAIN when the appears the and Then preview, and Scan when If the the EPSON TWAIN ready. them This the the choices than TWAIN and the the with the of and EPSON TWAIN interface when If the checkbox, the EPSON TWAIN and the If the TWAIN Interface the become active. active the
Destination to the instructions. If to assign or to the whenever the or Selecting Scan If these active, the to finished or OK or its than to reassign the to each as You to reassign existing to or the and Scan then the necessary. Reassigning Destinations the Scan Scan to or the the to reassign from the Scan of the and the the If to the the the the of the The the Click the the or to reassign the appear to the right.
To or the choose from the Scan to or the Scan to If to assign or to the of the active as necessary; If the TWAIN Interface Selecting Scan Destination to the instructions. If or which the whenever the the Scan or TWAIN Interface the become active. If theyre active, the options to assign the to the finished reassigning OK Selecting Scan active the
Select the type of choose the options Select Others to the of the type. The below the and their (Text and Card Photograph Others only) the of the scanning. to the of the the Custom only), and then type the and OK (Landscape) only] (Landscape) only] (Landscape) only] Card only) only] only] only] Custom only) inches inches A4 B5 A5 Scan Black and White Scan the
to You cant type Select the optional the to this If with the On as necessary. This appears when the Scan to or the brightness of the to Brightness the of the as necessary. to as necessary. This to Black and White highlights and of the appears when the Scan and the Brightness the threshold the to Threshold the
another or these selections, whether to to whether elected to the TWAIN interface or and The of (as noted the to the Once and ready to with the Scanning with the If photographs or other of Selecting and Advanced Scanning other OCR these OCR as text TWAIN to select. Scanning the
with the first top of the the top of the the If the to with the the top and right of the the and its and If the Follow these to with the with ADF Press the button. the
selected than to with the the Scan this with the instructions the the Click EPSON and OK (If the If the TWAIN interface, the to If wasnt when the If the TWAIN interface, Scan the to the successfully. the Scanning
If the TWAIN interface, the EPSON TWAIN or Advanced with the Scan to To OCR the following EPSON TWAIN: Advanced Select ADF or to Select to the from the ADF. Source Select the OCR and Destination Select OCR both (If type of the as necessary. Selecting information.) the
the ADF the first the ADF If the ADF, EPSON TWAIN the first and top of with the top facing the If from the EPSON TWAIN the to the (If the Advanced to the Advanced Click the to the and the of the Click the Click the Scan to If from the to If with the ADF, this finished, the to the EPSON TWAIN (If EPSON TWAIN the If and the TWAIN interface, the EPSON TWAIN appear.) Click (to or (to Then OK the
OCR (or another the If the to the and the the appear selected If the to the Inbox to the instructions or to as necessary. follow the instructions the the
Troubleshooting If EPSON TWAIN, the these EPSON TWAIN If the information the with or EPSON. Where To information. EPSON TWAIN the with Quality perfectly together; however, to them match the from when The as closely as the too closely. The the Screen to match closely enough. brightness and off. Troubleshooting
the software following the instructions the TWAIN EPSON TWAIN isnt listed. EPSON TWAIN EPSON TWAIN wasnt or wasnt correctly. EPSON TWAIN. If EPSON TWAIN first, the properly. turned turned and the connected off and The isnt ready. and software and the the Starting EPSON TWAIN instructions selecting EPSON TWAIN selected as the TWAIN EPSON TWAIN enough memory. the section memory EPSON TWAIN memory. EPSON TWAIN selected as TWAIN Troubleshooting
to correctly. process, and then caused or the TWAIN and occurred. that If this the off and then then and the to Then and try the light If the The isnt ready. The scanning. amount of memory of memory when usually or If cant the when this the or and If the too or memory. and If restarting the the memory the first another, the released If and then to and of memory. Troubleshooting
or the optional with this type of batch scanning. to batch or the the and, necessary, another batch scanning. You batch batch or enough memory. and Correction incorrect or Destination or the Highlight, Select EPSON TWAIN You selected You selected incorrect You enough memory the batch reducing the once, or memory. You or appear the Advanced Scanning Troubleshooting
when other information and the The EPSON the of to ready. the that (You this anytime, when the the You the detected. the instructions. If the off then manually the If this securely connected. Then and the to and the to instructions. the nothing Troubleshooting
the correctly, as the to as the scanning. instructions. the EPSON TWAIN interface. the or assigned to the If the EPSON TWAIN or the isnt to to with the to another This and EPSON TWAIN, and then and to to another the and slowly. Destination to the to You assigned another the Troubleshooting
If selected as the Destination the the Destination (output to match the when printed, when the with Quality and without EPSON TWAIN incorrectly. the Tone Correction, and to and the Advanced Scanning instructions these The or You the scanning. the of the that the the and that of the or warped. the isnt or correctly the The isnt Troubleshooting
Cover the of the with If the thick or warped the the of the to interference from light. If of the the the the of the or the of the correctly the The isnt Tone Correction and/or Advanced Scanning instructions these the the The or of correctly the The isnt EPSON TWAIN incorrectly. the EPSON Destination to EPSON to as and the TWAIN. isnt correctly. or isnt Troubleshooting
This the the closely match the correctly EPSON TWAIN the from the its and the as the EPSON correctly. The the than the or The the match the exactly the or ColorSync EPSON TWAIN to closely match the because the and and instructions. You to correction and Destination to they Selecting instructions the type of and the these EPSON TWAIN incorrectly. Source and Dont the the and EPSON TWAIN; they appear than their Also, high the which affects the of the to the The or than the of the You the or the Troubleshooting
that software properly and software that the properly connected to the and correctly The cant the or the or isnt securely connected. and correctly software The of than when its If or selecting and then the should increase quality. Selecting instructions the as the of its this the to to the to increase the the to to the You increase information selecting Troubleshooting
the and the to slightly the To the following: (crosshatch) appear the or the slightly. with halftone You the Sharpness to to the Destination information. turned the the slightly. Character OCR scanning. Then the Threshold the If character too the selecting the B/W (Black White) option Destination EPSON TWAIN. This the Text that background Scan the using OCR as the and Selecting incorrect You the and Destination Troubleshooting
EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information: Where To Access Service services of CompuServe type GO EPSON the introductory CompuServe membership, to reach the America free and EPSON CompuServe From the reach World If FTP ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and (or other software FTP downloading) to as the EPSON FTP Troubleshooting
about EPSON products hours to commonly EPSON SoundAdvice You to Access technical information this service. EPSON FaxAdvice Access Service Automated telephone services SM To to technical (U.S.) or to through AM PM or charges apply. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON Service please the following information ready: another If using the EPSON technical software with that software information. You purchase optional and from www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please EPSON or Product (located the back of the Product (EPSON Perfection of the Troubleshooting
Short The of processing. and off, or and The that the of The the the of the type of that the to the correction which software or tones with of dither of when other selections inch. of The higher the the higher the EPSON TWAIN option that the to Dropout and that the of selected scanning. of to
Indication of finely Measured inch inch or inch Black and white or the intensity of Short Every of of counted of the and the of The reads the and the information to the as EPSON TWAIN option that the which as or white. Threshold